Heading to Lac Seul this summer. First time to this particular lake, but going with a group of very experienced “Lac Seul’ies”… From what I hear, they know the lake extremely well, have some great go-to spots and thier catch rates are generally stellar.

Hi Mike,WHAT WEEK ARE YOU GOING TO LAC SEUL?WE leave in the morning! White jigs w. the red eye are my go to color 1/4, 3/8.I also like bft sour apple w. the firecracker chartruese tails 3/16 & 1/4. We work orange,gold and silver blades pretty hard on the spinners to find fish. Good Luck, Tom Statz

Hey Tom – PM sent… Heading up there in July…  How’s retirement going??? 

I was on Lac Seul last year. I quit using 3 and 4 inch Ripple Shads because I was catching too many northerns. Fire tiger and glow/chartreuse both worked. There are so many fish in that lake at times almost anything will work.

I have gone to Lac Suel 10 times. Day in day out minnows and jigs catch fish. But if that bite is slow we have had 100 fish days pulling blades with minnow or crawler with bottom bouncers. Do not be afraid to try shallow sand structure with jigs in the middle of the day. Fish go shallow for one reason and that is to feed. On Lac Suel this time of year we always fished sand banks with wind going into them. Our group fell onto some rough times so no trip this year. We fished the middle section out of Mahkwa lodge. pm and i can give hints on spots or Suel and Vaughn or Bray

I am going in Whitt’s group. I have been going for 8 years now but like Whitt said we have a couple guys that have been going for 20+ years. We generally fish the East/NE side. to give a general description of the “boundries” we cover is Bear Narrows to the North, Banana Island to the South, Entrance to Sen Bay to the East and Pine Point to the West. However, sky is the limit of the water we can cover if we choose. Any of you guys fish that area? Favorite spots for eyes, northerns, smallies? i am willing to share our successful spots as well. the lake is so good and protected that there are no secrets with me. we generally do best in early July in the 15 – 25 foot depths but would love to hear where any shallower sand areas are that hold fish. Like Whitt said i want to bounce some spinners for a change and chase a few gators which I don’t get a chance to do most years.

pink jig and minnow. Leave the crawlers at home. That was my experience. A fabulous lake.

Its tough t0 beat a jig and minnow on the wind blown shorelines. Very doable to have over 100 fish days per person in the boat. Fun times! Good luck!!

Hi Whittsend,

I appreciate all the replies – keep ’em coming!

