Here’s my scenario..what’s your opinion??I’m looking for a 1 week drive to Canadian trip the 1st week of June for 2 guys. Looking to spend less than $1000pp. I can bring my own boat or rent. Targeting the typical walleye/Northern. 

You might look at Bull Shoals in Arkansas, Huge walleye, White River is near by (trout) and Lake Norfork, Walleye, Striper and large crappie

Our group usually heads to LOW on the Canadian side. With all the Canadian Shows and boat shows, now is the time for the both of you to look at some of them and see what each really wants in theis trip. *Remember you are stuck with each other for a week*

Lac Seul is tough to beat! I have heard good things about pasha too but havent been there. I have been to lac seul 3 times and 120 walleye days pp is common with alot in the 19 to 23 inch range with 26 plus’s seen every day.

Hey trapsht, do you own that nice looking Tuffy I see in Norwalk parked on Main street sometimes?

I second that! I have been to Lac Seul also. Around 100 walleyes a day with alot between 20-26

Rainy Lake  I had to check back through our pics from last June to see if it was a good time. Didn’t make it through June 5th before pic allotment was full.

I would recommend Rainy Lake either the U.S. or Canadian side.



  The Penny appears to be “Heads Up”.





Chris –

 

Good looking guy holding up those fish..huh?

I suppose if you compare him to the walleye

For my money – I would stay on the MN side of Rainy…..excellent fishing, incredible scenery, and not in Ontario….. From my experiences, Ontario is not really welcoming to tourists. Restrictive rules and tough enforcement make for a vacation that is not as relaxing to me. I enjoy having a cold beer in my boat and not having to worry that I might be breaking some unknown minor law that could get me into hot water. There are signficant $$ savings in staying this side of the border. If Canada is on your ‘must do’ list for this vacation, I would highly recommend the western side of LOTW – Buffalo Bay. Manitoba waters allow for 6 walleyes kept, the people are friendly, and the numbers of big fish are there. 

