Heading to Lake Minnitaki in the Sioux Lookout area in June and although I have fished this lake for over 30 years I have never put in a lot of time to catch lake trout. There is a main area of the lake called Lyons Bay where I know a lot of people fish for lakers but I am unsure of the best way to try for them. I do not have down riggers on my boat so slow trolling or bobber fishing would be my best options. What rigs or tactics should I use?

Sounds like a fun trip. What time in June? I’ve been doing a lot of reading on early season lake trout lately. Although i can’t speak from experience here, from what I’ve read Downriggers might not be necessary as the lakers tend to stay pretty shallow for 3-4 weeks after ice out?

Jigs!!! 1/2 oz. to 1 oz. in white or white chartruese!!! Find a bit of sucker belly meat and you should be golden!!! Then look for shallow shelves close to 40’… or anything that might be holding shallow fish…

I’m still having problems loading a decent sized picture from Paint 

For June they should be up high in the water column or spread all the way through it. Try researching bank fishing if you really want something different and neat. I believe I had an old reply about that. OW you should be able to cast/jig or just long line troll. If you have them maybe a board or two and a snap weight would be all you need. I don’t know that lake, but where we go you can see the bait fish on the sonar and the Lakers hanging right below. You can also see the bait on the surface early and late and is the key!

Going June 9th thru 16th. I have no problem catching all the big walleye and pike I want so I want to try for something different. Got this 45″ pike 2 years ago out of Minnitaki. I have been looking at a bunch of different lake trout fishing rigs online so I think I will be good to go. 

June they can be up in the 30 ft range or deep. 1/2 oz to 2oz Jigs and ciscos are always a good bet. Also slab style spoons real image spoon from cabelas. tube jigs etc. trolling deep diving crakes works well too long line or snaps weights and or lead core.

