We will be taking my 11 year old on his first trip to Canada. My father-in-law and I have been to Canada many times. The main question I have is when crossing the border with my son do I need anything from my wife (his mother) stating her knowledge of him going to Canada? I will be with her Dad, not that that would legally matter. 

Hi Joe, I am not 100% sure its required, but the 2 times I have taken my boys to Canada fishing I did bring a letter that detailed the dates, location(s) we were going to and had appropriate contact info for my wife and was notarized.
There are forms online that you can find or just type one up on your own. Just state the purpose of the visit, like I said, dates and locations you will be visiting and the contact info.
It was smooth sailing for us both times.

Joe,

Captain and fishwhenican,

Wow, this seems crazy over the top to me. What do widowers have to do, bring their wife’s death certificate? What about a single parent whose baby momma/daddy disappeared off the face of the earth?

Depending on when you went things change. There has been so much human trafficking and people trying to get out of the Country and away from their estranged spouse they apparently felt the need to put in some other safety measures.

Yes, forgot about that birth certificate. It would also be a good idea that if your child has a picture id of some sort, possibly from school or something to bring that with.

I’m taking my 14-year-old nephew this year, so have been doing this research too. You will probably want:
– child’s birth certificate/passport
– signed permission letter (not notarized) from non-present parent(s) that includes their contact information and photocopy of their passport/ID card.

Mike,
Thank you for the links. That helps a lot. 

Not a copy, they may ask for the real thing. Happened to my buddy last summer. He had a notarized letter from his wife/kid’s mother and a copy of the birth certificate. On the way back the US border guards gave him a hard time since the cert wasn’t “official”. Took a while but they eventually sorted it out.

Agreed! We have notaries at work and most all banks have one as well. When I prepared for my son coming the first time I did extensive research and it recommended it being notarized. I didn’t want to take any chances so I had it done.
It really will spoil your kid though the fishing and scenery up there. Its amazing. 

