Well we finally booked a lake with lake trout in it! McInnes Lake outpost is where we’ll be going this summer, it’s a 20+ mile long lake with depths of almost 200′. It’s a fly-in outpost.

If you go traditional tackle, get some 1-2 oz jigs and some 3-4″ white trigger x tubes, or some heavy spoons; Blue Fox and Lhur Jensen have some really nice spoons for dropping deep… odds are you won’t be able to actually see your jig or spoon on your electronics, but you will be able to see if any fish are suspended. If you find a lot of suspended fish, work the water column with the spoon or jig in 5-10 foot increments. If you don’t see any suspended fish work the bottom 10 feet of the water column. Fast on the way up, slow on the way down. Some guys just control drop until it hits the bottom… let it pound the bottom a few times and then reel up, then drop again… the fish usually hit it while you’re bringing it up, but keep tension on the line during the drop so you can feel a strike if they hit it on the way down. As for depth, in the beginning of August the fish will likely be anywhere deeper than 60 feet, at the end of august the game could completely change depending on the water temperature, those same fish may be shallower. It’s always good to find out the habits of the fish in the lake you will be fishing, when you will be fishing there. Shoreline structure is a good place to start; deep water off a hump or island can hold a good amount of fish. You don’t necessarily want to be in the deepest part of the lake, but say 80 feet next to a steep drop into 120 on the windward side of an island can be good start. Jigging is the simplest method, while running downriggers may be more successful, if you get a few things wrong it could mean no fish at all. Will you be in a canoe, or will they have a boat on the lake for you? There are some important factors to consider when it comes down to what you are going to bring in!

Thanks for the info! We’ll have boats/motors, and I’ll be bringing up a Elite 4 HDI so I’ll have good quality sonar and GPS capability. 

As far as I know, at least in Ontario there are areas where you cannot bring any bait from the US, salted or not, I would check with customs about it to make sure. As for jigs, I can do some scouting for ya, I go with plain white tubes… And to make it simple: blue/silver spoons for cloudy days and red/silver spoons for sunny ones. I usually do the same patterns for running Rapalas as well.

Putn’am, thanks for the heads up but we’ve taken salted minnows up to this area for a number of years, and the guys at I Falls/Fort Frances haven’t said anything yet lol. 

Trolling cranks is where it gets tough, 3 ways with a #9 or #11 original floating rap is one way, but there is a lot of math involved in getting the right depths unless you bounce the bottom… that pairs with what I mentioned earlier about either having massive success or getting one thing wrong and not catching a thing. As for spoons here are some links for you with some options other than cleos (I love using cleos as well) Anything from 3/4oz-1.5 oz should be fine as long as it isn’t too big. 

I usually run cranks when the fish are higher in the water column or shallow… So May and Early June, then again in Late Sept. Hope this helps.

Hard to beat perk minnows they are hard to find but a flat slab spoon. Just rip it 3-4 ft and slack line down. Also the cabelas real image spoons are similar and work well. Krocodile spoons are also good.

There is an excellent spoon made that work’s extremely well for catching lake trout, however it does come with a caveat! They are very, very expensive! I’m talking about one of my old favorite’s, the Sutton Spoon! One of the reason’s they are so expensive is the fact that they are plated with a precious metal. Precious metal will reflect light at a greater depth than any other metal. One thing you need to do when trolling with a spoon is to remember to vary the speed at which you are trolling. Laker’s are in the bad habit of following a spoon without striking when it is being trolled at a constant speed without varying it at all. I haven’t tried it yet myself but I would think that a Rapala Deep Tail Dancer could be deadly! Laker’s are usually sucker’s for anything bright and shiney! Good luck! DIRTBALL2 

