Stayed on Rainy last year on the Canadian side with a conservation license. The resort said we could keep one walleye per day between about 13-17 in per person. Is this right. The Ontario gov site to me says we can keep two. We mainly fish smallies, but enjoyed catching a few walleyes in the evening. Happy hour with a couple more fillets would be nice next year. Do I have it right. One or two per day. Thanks

Couldnt help you with Rainy Lake specifics, but I get a conservation Non-resident every year and we are allowed 1 walleye above and 1 below 20 inches.

Normally conservation is two walleye, one big – one small, or just two small. If you enjoy the fish buy a regular license and keep 4 including 1 big fish. Its not much more $$

Conservation license is one per day and 2 possession.

Just for clarification – with either license the limit on walleyes on Rainy is 1 per day. The conservation license allows 2 in possession while the sport license allows 4 in possession. Legal size on Rainy for walleyes is 35-45 cm or 13.8-17.7″ OR over 70 cm – 27.6″. Ontario regulations are available online. Rainy is in zone 5 but under border water regulations.



Thanks. I wasn’t looking at the border water part of the Canadian web site. Pretty tight regs, but that’s the way it is I guess. Does Rainy Lake Sports Shop have decent bait?The resort sells dinky little crappie minnows. Thanks

I prefer the Great Bear east of the causeway on Hwy 11. They usually aren’t as busy, give a good count and have a good selection.

So, where’s the trip? There’s not too many places to stay up that way and curious where you’re headed on the lake. 

Stayed at Coppen’s last year. Heading that way again in late June. Didn’t whale on em, but had our moments. Not bad for the first time on the water. Mainly after smallies, but jigged up some walleyes every night. Went north quite aways and caught our nicest walleyes in the weeds. Smaller ones, but more numerous, were caught in 18-20 fow. Can’t wait..

If I have a passport can I buy a RABC card and a Canadian fishing license over the counter?

