I must admit after tripping into Quetico off and on for 25 years this year was probably the best trip I ever had. The reasons are wide and varied. First we went into Canada this year instead of up the Gunflint Trail or through Ely. I was extremely pleased with the ease of access into the park from the north end. Secound, we had spectacular if not even a little too warm of weather, if there is such a thing for a wilderness fishing trip in May. Other than a morning thunder storm we found sunny skies and gentle breezes to our backs on every day. Third and most important we found the kindest, most friendly outfitter that I have come across by far in Doug Chapman at Canadien Quetico Outfitters. Doug’s motto of “putting smiles on people faces” says it all about what kind of business he runs. Then last but not least we absolutely hammered everything from big pike to big walleye, huge smally’s and nice lakers. I could not have planned and executed a trip any better than this one into the wilderness!








Entering the park from the north end is the only way to go in my opinion and the man that runs this outfitter is secound to none. Camping fees are cheaper, access is easier and no remote border crossing! 


We were rather disturbed to find a couple doing a sturgeon survey into Quetico. Quetico is reserved for canoeing only. Apperently there must be an exception to this rule. A small annoiance on a most excellent trip 



Great pics 

Thanks zonar- I like the handle, speaking of- we found some nice deep water humps in the Sturgeon Narrows just stacked with fish. I brought along some sonars and pumped them off the bottom in these areas. We caught our biggest walleye using this technique.

Another bonus for this trip, we came out at the Nym access point. We paddled the last day and trolled all the way out and nailed 6 lake trout on the way. We had lakers surface feeding as we were trolling around us. Very cool. It was the first time I was able to bring a couple fish home from this trip. My wife and I enjoyed a delicous grilled trout yesterday along with some cold Canadien Labatts Blue 

I have made over 30 trips into the BWCWA or Quetico – It looks like you hit the weather just right. I don’t think I have ever been in May and was able to take my shirt, or jacket, or anything else off. I have had amazing fishing from the North end and it is great if you have the time and resources to do it. My all time favorite trip was with my son when he graduated from HS and we went in the north end and paddled back. Had MANY double smallies on one lure, it was wonderful. Loved your pics, but sure don’t like the one with the motor – I would have had to say something to them.

Thanks, I’m not sure there was much to say to a couple people who work for the MNR. Apperently they have tagged Sturgeon and are studying there movements in order to understand them better. Doug our outfitter explained this bomb was dropped on them just a few weeks prior and they basically had no say in it…kinda sounds like a goverment I am very familiar with 

On the weather front my Irish canoeing partner Ken wore shorts the whole time we were up there. The sunburn on my back was enough for me to handle 




I dont get it. Its not like it was some jet-ski doing donuts around you, it was the minnistry trying to do a study on one of the most mysterious fish in North America. This study will only help these fish to thrive in the future. It wouldnt bother me one bit, and I dont see how this should bother any sportsman.

I think I can understand the position he was coming from. After 3 or 4 days in the BWCA or Quetico you adjust to the pace and solitude. I know the first motorized anything I come across when I come out of the BWCA after a week seems way to fast and way too loud. Like it doesn’t fit. I’m sure the original poster has nothing against a study on sturgeon and I don’t think that was his point at all. But hearing a motor in a place where birds and paddle strokes are the only thing you hear a motor seems mighty out of place. And for those that make the effort, which at times can be an extreme one, to get off the beaten path deep into an area where you’re all but guaranteed to not run into motors and other sounds of our fast paced mechanized lives, actually crossing paths with one could be a bit of a trip downer.

The main reason I go to Quetico is to “unplug” from the noise of the world, I come back relaxed even though I just got done busting my hump portaging my gear around and paddling over 120 miles for ten days. The air space above Quetico is restricted that’s how serious the MNR and Canadien government is about the solitude you can recieve going into the park. It just seems a little hypocritical to have them break there own rules considering how serious they take the solitude and rules of cleanliness in the park. They were there and gone in a few minutes and we kept hammering fish so in all reality – no problem if not a little disturbing 

Big Pike,

Yes go down from Nym, troll across Nym and hold onto your rod for lake trout, we made for Sturgeon Narrows and Chaterton Falls. Awesome fishing at both spots and Chaterton Falls in awesome sight seeing. Do not go in Beaverhouse access as it is a cess pool of ticks. Couldn’t stop to take a break without those maggots climbing all over us. I can give you more info if you PM me if you would like. Also Doug is the very best outfitter under Gods blue sky.

Big Pike,

Wow, I recognize a few of those spots. Great pictures and looks like you guys had a great time! Glad I could help! 

