So….has anyone made plans for a Canadian trip in 2013? Where is everyone headed? I’m still not sure where I’ll be as of yet…time to start thinking about it.

Heading to Cedar Lake, Ontario. Has been an annual trip for the last five years, but missed last year for the birth of my daughter.

The Boys and i will be heading to the English River. fishinf for Eyes and Northern. Will be enjoying the vast beauty of the landscape from Maynard falls to Seperation Lake. I just love it. The boys have to be 12 yrs old before they can go and Boy # 4 gets to go this year. he has heard many fish stories from his older siblings and the anticipation is building as we chat. The area always seems to rise to meet all expectations.

Playa Del Carmen in Jan – AmberjackCabo in March – Tuna and DoradoBelize in late April- BonefishCanada ( Rainy Lake ) in June, July and Sept – Walleye , Bass and CrappieAlaska on July 10-20 – Salmon and Halibut.Montana – October 24-29th for Trout

We will be heading to Brisebois in Northern Manitoba in Mid-June again    

Seriously…..tell me your retired so I don’t feel sorry for myself.

Going to fish LOW and another big lake near Nestor Falls for Lake Trout. Met a guy in a walleye tournament I fish in May. He is always showing pictures of these huge trout he catches. Told him if there is ever an opening I’d love to go. got the call a few weeks ago we leave on the 9th and return on the 13th. I’m pumped 

Looks like I’m heading to Pasha Lake this June and Rainy (US side) early August. 

I’ll be at our cabin every other weekend throughout the summer.Going to hit the usual haunts on Rainy and check out a few nooks and crannys I’ve never been to, much farther northwest than my usual places.

I went up there years ago and never fished Pasha lake make sure you have a boat. I remember we fished Onnamon and lots of days on Nipigon.

Lake Nipigon for 10-12 days in mid-June. Plan on camping on the lake this year for a few days weather permitting and this will allow me to fish a section of lake I have never accessed!

Our group of 5 is in the planning stages, has anyone ever done a houseboat rental out of Sioux Narrows? Looking for the good and bad compared to staying at a cabin or lodge. We did a fly-in last year to a lodge but didn’t like being tied to the lodges meal schedule, we want to be more on our own this time around.

I never rented a houseboat here, but I have rented cabins here. I know from dealing with Dan and Norene (owners) they keep everything in good shape. We have looked a few times at the house boats to rent,but always ended up with cabin.http://www.lowhouseboats.com/ Most people head out past Yellow Girl for the fishing and docking. About 15 miles of a beautiful boat ride.

Canyon in July

if things work out hope to go to tobin,sask river in octoberbay of quinte in november.hopefully get laid off in sept to fish this fallgood luck on your tripskp

Agree with you Justin… I’m heading to Pasha Lake this summer… oh, and I’ll be there in the spring and fall too.

Heading to Eagle lake June 11, Some nice eyes 23 to 29inch in June of 2011. Fall of 2012 got a 45 inch Musky. Going t0 Pine Beach Lodge. Great place/people.

Stanleys West Arm Camp on Eagle Lake – awesome fishing!!! Great camp, boats, and people. Lots of opportunities to portage too . . . . usually go for the opener – hope the ice stays a little longer than last year(April 12th) – want ot catch some lakers in the shallows.

Heading up to Red Lake Ontario in June. 15th year

21 days and counting Lake Athapapskow!



Headed to Hyatt’s Manion Lake Camp near Mine Centre, ON for 5 days over Memorial Day Weekend and for a week in mid-June. Staying on Manion for Memorial Day weekend. Staying at a outpost cabin on Pettit in June.

heading to Hobbs resort on cross bay. Grand Rapids, MB. Haven’t been there for 9 years looking forward to going back after fishing lac seul the past 8 years I am looking forward to a change of venue for a year. I will definitely be back to lac seul just not this summer.

@trapsht- In Manitoba- Target walleye and lakers.

Route Lake, Canada

One more for pine beach lodge on eagle lake in July 

TOBIN next week

Back a week(15-21)from Northern Lights, in Ontario. Awesome week with many hog walleyes and smallmouths. 

