Hey guys, I am planning a trip to Canada this summer and want to go to a guide. Fly in is fine or driving to a lake is fine but want to go somewhere to have a chance at some bigger fish. Want to do the whole Canadian shore lunch gig so want to be able to catch some keepers too. Just want to go to a place that does have some bigger walleye. Looking for a guided trip, don’t want to have to try and find the fish myself since I’ve never fished anywhere up there. Please help me out and send me some stuff in a personal message or just reply to this. Thanks a lot guys.

Only place I have experience with is Totem Lodge in Sioux Narrows. Very nice packages available and knowledgeable guides.

Look at the lodges on Lake St. Joe(seph) in Ontario. You almost have to have a guide to fish that lake anyway. Old Post Lodge is the one I’ve heard of, but there are other lodges. 

My wife and I went to Tetu Island Lodge for our honeymoon back in 2004, by far the best Canadian guided trip I have every been on. Lots of big fish as well as enough shore lunch fish. They cater to the fisherman, its expensive, but if this is a bucket list trip, its well worth it.

X2 on Lake St Joseph and the Old Post Lodge. I’d heard about people and having 100 fish days but that literally was the 1st time it happened for me and on more than once.
Literally dozens of 18″-22″ fish with a few 25″-26″ fish mixed in.
This lake also holds some monster pike.
Another nice thing is you can drive to Lake St Joseph no need to fly in.

This was my only trip to Canada, but it fits everything that you have mentioned you are looking for. Hundreds of walleye a day for us, most were the 15-20″, but there were quite a few mid 20s” as well. Nothing pushing 30″ for us. Several 40″ Pike as well. Had fresh fish for shore lunch each day. Short fly in to the camp. 

Another option would be to check with Chad at Pasha Lake Cabins. There’s a forum for them under the Canada section. 

3X on Lake St Joe and Old Post Lodge….Was there last June and I would describe the Walleye fishing as silly stupid. Our guide had a milk run of spots and if we stopped catching fish any longer than 5 min we were off to the next spot. It’s a massive (~70 mile long lake) with only 3 or 4 lodges on the lake. Just fished it one day but I’m sure our boat easliy landed 200+ fish. Our guide commented late July and August is the best fishing.

I would expect most guides are already booked for Spring and early summer. If your dates are fixed it may be a challenge to find an opening. A lot of Canadian guides book up a year in advance.

It also depends on budget limitations. If money’s not an issue I’d contact Budd’s on Gunisao Lake in Manitoba.  http://www.walleyemanitoba.com Manitoba is strictly barbless and has had pretty restrictive limits for years. So they have built up a huge fishery. 

You need to look up Witch Bay Camp on Lake of the Woods. 3 hours into Ontario past I. Falls. Great guides and the fishing is just as you’re looking for. We have numerous 75+ fish days with consistently 6lb+ catches. And muskies!

Wich bay was that? Sorry, Tim had to. 

