Made it up to Nipigon for some October trophy fishing. Not a lot of fish but QUALITY!! Finally broke the 30# mark. 48inch 31.5 pounds. And it’s still swimming!!!

Great fish. Nothing better then seeing a huge pike swimming away. Way to go!

WOW! A true Super Tanker!

great to see poody out in the boat with you. he must of been pumped over that fish….your dad is a great man!

congratulations on the 30# pike, I hope to join your club soon…

Where did you stay?

Awesome fish! Congratulations. Would you be willing to share anymore info. (depths, baits, etc)? I know it’s huge water, so it’s a tough nut to crack!

Shady if you don’t want to be able to sleep tonight go over to Walleye Central. A guy named Moosebunk just did a BIG write up with photos on Nipigon.It was a fun read. Look back around a week, you should find it.

Thanks Dutchboy. I landed a 41″ pike this year and kind of got the bug. A 48″ is a whole different class of fish!!

Cool

Thanks Dutchboy, neat read. Nipigon looks like an intriguing place, but not one for the faint-hearted!

No, but as long as you have a decent size boat and reliable motor you should be OK. It’s no different then fishing the shield lakes of Northern Minnesota or LOTW, if you don’t know where you are slow down!

Time of year dictates location. I always do well in summer and fall off shore and spring neer shore and in river mouths. Most economical stay is Pasha best is on the lake in one of the large boats that will tow your boat but very expensive.You can always get fish on spoons but most of my large fish come on natural color minnow baits. (Smelt) Very good Walleye, Lake and Brook trout fishing also.

The best is to stay on the islands nest to the fishing grounds. If you go to the MNR building in the town of Nipigon they have a map on the wall with camps on the islands marked. We go for Specs starting at the end of May through July first, than Lakers for two weeks up to the derby, Pike are from the smelt die off until the fourth of July. Bigger but fewer Lakers in August. I only bird hunt there in the fall but I am sure there are hogs around.

