Like to take my 8 year old son up to Canada. Fished Sioux Lookout area when I was younger, but not set on that area. I have my own 17foot boat. Looking for information on Pakashkan lake in the Graham area? Info on the resort/Lodge on the lake? Then more importantly, any tips or comments on the walleye and northern fishing? How, when, where on this lake? Looking at the 3rd week of June timeframe. Or is there another time of the year recommended for this lake? Just trying to avoid surprises to a new lake. Fishing quality for a kid is first priority.

Don’t give up on the Sioux Lookout area! I have fished Lake Minnitaki for the last 30 years and it is a great lake to bring kids. I had my 14 year old daughters up there this past June and they had a blast. One of them netted my 45″ pike which is shown on the Pickeral Arm Camp website. I know all of the hot spots on the lake so if you wanted to have a great time fishing don’t pass this lake up. I usually go up there the second week of June which is a great time for fishing that lake. 

We stayed at Abrams Lake camp. But I don’t know Minnitaki much. We fished the chute, and got a few walleyes (not great). Some of the best fishing I had actually was on the south end of Minnitaki, in the English river channel in late May, prior to them extending the sanctuary out into the lake. This must have been 25 years ago, when I was a kid. I don’t really know much else about this lake for mid to late June. But in defense we didn’t fish Minnitaki much, as we trailered to Lac Seul and a small lake up the Marchington River area. Prefer to keep the boat in 1 lake if we can. So why might be open to other suggestions. But yes, Sioux Lookout would still be an option.

The main places I fish are Red Pine Bay and the rest of the lake from Pickeral Arm Camp down to Moon Light Falls. I stay away from the English River because it is too busy. Where I fish you hardly ever see another boat. My biggest walleye is 31.5″ and you saw the picture of my 45″ pike I caught this past June. If you decide to give it a try I could get you a detailed map of all the hot spots. Also, you can pull your boat out of the water and drive 5 minutes down the road and put in on Little Vermilion which has great small mouth, pike and muskie. Years ago I discovered that the big walleyes like big bait so I spend most of my week casting musky jerk baits. I caught that pike on a 8″ Phantom jerk bait in the walleye pattern. 

