hi folks,planning a trip to des mille lacs in june 2012. i received a dui back in 1989. i was looking on the welcome canada website about filling out a rehabilitation cert? after 22 years of never recieving anthing more than a speeding ticket do i still need to do this? it will be almost 23 years since the infraction next year

On a trip this summer a guy from our group was stopped and he had to turn around for the same reason.



My understanding is they go back 10 years, but I’d contact the Canadian dept of tourism and get it first hand.

 You might want to check out this website. It is not an official Canadian Government website but rather an Canadian Immigration website. They say that that you have been deemed rehabilitated after 10 years if you have only had one incident on your record. I would have to think you are good to go with all that time since the DUI. 

 

wowthanks for all the info. being it was so long ago I didn’t think it would matter but my buddy said to check. it’s 8 months away but i’d like to get it settled before new year’s

SteveO:

I have deer hunted the past two seasons in Canada and I will say this, do everything you can to have all your questions answered and documented. Both years we saw guys who paid good money to go on deer hunts who thought they took care of everything turned away at the border.

I do not understand the DUI laws entering Canada, have been going for the last 15 years and my buddy has had two DUI and never an issue with him getting in. I am sure the last one is at least 10 years ago. We go through pembina into manitoba. Does it matter what province you enter?

DWI’s are considered a felony in Ontario so it’s much more serious of a crime than in the US. There’s some info at this site http://www.nwota.com/node/49 and includes a phone number for the Fort Frances and Thunder Bay CBSA offices. Call them and get the real info based on your situation. There’s also info on the Fort Frances office here: http://www.cbsa.gc.ca/contact/listing/offices/office301-e.html 

i went to canada this fall on a caribou hunt and i got a DUI just over 5 years ago, the guy that arganized th hunt has been to canada on hunting trips just about every year for the past 20 and this is what i was told. if you have had a dui within 5 years you are not getting in if it is over 5 years have some info on you incase they need any of the information (most likely wont he has seen only once where info was needed, dates and punishment), in your case you should get waved right through without even a question about it. if you did happen to get a DUI within the 5 years you can fly in get picked up by your buddies and ride back with them to the USA they do not check for DUI info when flying in. in my case i was asked several question like when i got my DUI and if i had ever been arrested for anything else. then was okayed to cross into canada. this is what i was told was going to happen and what has happened to everybody i know that has crossed with a DUI. good luck fishing

I’m kinda thinking that getting a DUI almost a qtr century ago probably isn’t going to matter. I have a passport and feel better now

after 10 years, your rehabilatated in their eyes. I got one (DUI) in 99, have been going to Canada for the last 15 years, never an issue. I always drive through customs too… they want your $$$, they make nothing sending you home…  Have fun !!!  

Steve – If you haven’t found the answer you are looking for yet, give me a call… I did a huge write up and interview on this last year. 

I live on the border and have crossed hundreds of times for business, work and recreational reasons. As much as anything, it depends on the customs person who checks you in, and quite possibly their mood on a given day. Certain officials might check or ask about certain things or follow different procedures. Or they might notice something on the computer screen as they enter your passport or license plate number they want to ask about. And it’s no different coming back into the US. As much as you want it to be objective, much of a crossing interview can be subjective.

Hey Chad I just saw your note. I will give you a call!Thx

There has been a lot of talk on this subject lately on walleyecentral.com. The Canadian government apparently is looking into relaxing thier position on this issue.

Welcome to IDO NARDA1 !!!  I am heading through Canadian customs on the 14th of June   

Thanks Big G, I have to wait until Sept. 5th. 

New Rules, easier for many to enter.

Will I need to have proof of insurance for vehicle and boat?

As a general rule of thumb for any laws/regulations in Canada, you need to be legal in the jurisdiction where you come from. Of course, don’t take this as gospel, because some exceptions will apply. (e.g. You can’t hunt under the age of 16 in Ontario regardless if it’s legal in your home state.)

Lots of good discussion here. I’m also happy to answer any questions on this topic, as it’s a specific issue I have worked on. One thing for certain, if someone wants to make an application, it’s best to start very early. Wish folks the best as the ice melts!

