I’ll be fishing lake trout in late August around Sioux Lookout area. After researching, it appears that a 3 way swivel is the way to go. My question is…Why wouldn’t a heavy snap weight work instead of the 3 way rig? It seems that the drag would be the same and less cumbersome with regards to tangling etc. 

Generally speaking those using a “pump handle” rig are using 1-2# balls. My best guess is that the snap weight clips don’t hold so well with pounders or better. I have ran 8oz with a snap but don’t think I would go larger myself on a clip. I guess it depends on how deep you are trying to dig or angle you want in your spread. 

Great post.. id like to know what people think about this also.. i have had tangling issues with 3 ways in the past and just use the slip sinker now

I fished lake trout with 3 ways for a long time with no tangle problems due to the 3 way. I just clip a 2oz weight directly on to the bottom of the 3 way. We fish cowbells and a 18 – 24″ snell behind the bell. The snap weight would work, but be more expensive.

From what I’m reading, in late August it appears that I should expect to fish with a 2 to 4oz bell sinker attached to a 3 way rig for fish that might be around 30 to 50′ down. I have no problem using the 3 way, but it just seems easier to use snap weights. Perhaps I’m missing something. Off Shore Tackle has a nice article regarding this: 

Last month I fished for lakers in the BWCA. The basic recipe was a 2 oz. snapweight, 150 ft. from rod tip to weight, trolling sutton spoons at 1.5 mph or just under. Anytime we got under 40-50 fow we hit bottom. I don’t see why this wouldn’t work for you, increasing weight from there if you want to run deeper. I tried out the powerpro depth hunter braid and it worked great for precision trolling minus the linecounter reel.

On calmer days on Red we’d hit trout in a 100′ or more water using 1oz jigs tipped with a minnow, used 12# mono and let them drop about 40-60 foot, gotta be pretty calm for that though.

I ended up buying a used manual downrigger for our lake trout trip. With regards to trolling, I was very happy with it as it allowed me to use lighter equipment instead of a heavy bell sinker potentially getting tangled or a heavy rods for leadcore or dipsy divers. BTW, in my opionion we caught alot of fish 

