Anyone have any experience on these two lakes or others in the immediate region. Mainly targeting walleyes and pike, but smallmouth bass area also an option. Heading up this July. Trying to plan a location and get a booking in the near future. Looking to get away from the NW section of Lac Suel for some different scenery.

We stay at Northumbrian Resort on Abrams Lake. We always go around the 10th of June. Walleye fishing is excellent with good numbers. Generally the large fish during our trip is right around 27 inches. We don’t get after the bass or pike much, but always catch some while targeting the walleye. We have caught pike to 38 inches. I believe there is also a decent trout fishery, but we haven’t every really tried for them. For the most part we fish the chute right where Minnitaki dumps into Abrams and then up into Minnitaki. If you are looking for solitude where you will be off by yourself this isn’t the place as there are quite a few resorts.

Stayed on minnitaki 3 times and always had good fishing. twice in late june and once in mid july. going again mid june can’t wait  

Thanks guys! We are staying at Northumbrean too. The owner seems really friendly and the location can’t be beat. Do you have any suggestions or tips for staying in that area? You can PM if you want to keep it private.

Greg, the owner, is very nice and helpful in any way he can be. They were working on fixing some of the cabins the last time I was up there, which was 3-4 years ago.

Heading up from Minnesota May 29th-June 4th to Abrams, and Minnitaki to fish. We are are little worried about ice out conditions on these lakes. Maybe its a little early to worry?Could anyone give me any info on where to look for ice out dates? Thanks, Greg 

Planning to be on Minnitaki on may 18th ! is the ice going out or do we have to fish Vermillion in MN ? Anybody havce a prediction ? We are staying at Sioux retreat Neepaw cabin.

Haven’t heard what’s happening over there, but can only assume it’s similar to here. Ice off as of Saturday.

