We had a trip planned to Eagle Lake for July of 2020. That obviously wasn’t going to work, so we cancelled and requested our deposit back in April. After multiple emails back and forth, they are now saying they won’t refund us the deposit until the border opens back up or 2021 or whatever their next reason is going to be. They’ve also said they’ll just role it to next year’s trip. I just want my money back.

Sounds like most of Canadian Resorts are just wanting to role over $$$ into 2021 seasons.

Their deposit policy seems to be clearly spelled out, not sure why you think you should get a full refund?

So what’s weird about this is they said they were mailing a check for a refund of my deposit in May. It went to the wrong address, so they said they were sending a new check about 3 weeks ago. When I asked where the check was today, they said they aren’t refunding because they don’t have the cash but will probably in 2021.
If the border does open, they are going to send me a check for the deposit.
All the other vacations I had planned had comparable refund policies and all of them returned the money. 

I’m no expert in contract law, but the border closing isn’t and act of god so I’m pretty sure that is how a deposit works. Are they open and the problem is you just can’t get there?? If so that problem isn’t really on their side of the deal. I have 2 Deposits sitting out here and I’m just hoping they are around next year so we have a place to go if this ever gets over. 

That sucks, they were probably playing it off expecting the border to open and having some cash flow. They probably should have stuck with their policy from the start to avoid any miscommunication. At least you may get to stay in a new cabin next year. Are you calling them or working over e-mails?

Alot of the resort owners have there life savings tied into the resort. I feel for them under the circumstance. You still want to fish Canada right? Then hopefully go next year or hope for your money back and go somewhere else.
It’s a small amount of money for what is at stake for them. I do feel for you but everyone is taking it in the shorts.
If I could leave tomorrow to fish my favorite lake I would. Even if I am getting a bit irritated with the Canadians over there reaction to us as Americans. 

Border closed they should refund your money if they are a top notch outfit. I would never make my customers my bank. They don’t want us there then they should not want our money also. I know there are all struggling but if they file bankruptcy you are out your money. The Canadian government is responsible for there demean not us.

It’s a deposit. It shouldn’t break you if you don’t get it back. Roll it into a future trip with them and help them get through this.

It’s his money he is not a bank if he ask for it back for services that were not performed he should get it back. End of story

No, it’s far from the end of the story. If he gets his money back it’s the end.

Yep. I know it sucks for both parties but I also agree that any good business would give a full and partial refund. 

? Are you assuming that if he gets his money back that the business will seize to exsist?

UGH. Mess.

Most places are still open up there, trying to keep their employees employed. A lot of them have been trying to market as much as possible to Canadian residents in Winnipeg / Thunder Bay. It’s a messy situation. At the end of the day if you demand your money back, they should give it back. 

You can’t be upset with the citizens in Canada about the actions of their government. If you do then I say they have far more reason to be upset with us US citizens.

By the way our resort gave us the option to either get our deposit back or roll it over to next season. We just rolled it over to next year. I’d say if they don’t refund your money as requested, I’d just not use them in the future and I would let everyone know how they treated the situation. My guess is any business operating this way will not be in business for to long anyway. 

This topic is being discussed on many fishing sites. It seems the majority of resorts are offering rollovers to 2021 or 2022 with just a few offering refunds. One resort is being ripped pretty brutally as the only place that will not rollover or refund deposits.

Update, I got a new email yesterday saying they have sent a check for the deposit amount. I’m crossing my fingers it’s true.
It’s unfortunate there will be winners and losers on the resort side. The ones that make it will probably see a lot less competition and the ability to raise rates in the short term. Could also allow for new people to buy resorts.
Tough times.

Not sure how serious the guy is but local resort owner is talking about trading up his resort for one on Eagle Lake. Hope you recieve satisfaction with your money. 

It seems to me that the Canadian resorts are essentially forcing customers to give them interest-free loans and also take the risk that they go bankrupt or sell the resort to someone else. I understand that this is a tough time for them, but holding onto deposits is just plain bad business. The Canadian government closed the border: the Canadian government should help these resort owners out, perhaps by fronting the money for the return of deposits. I don’t know: maybe some sort of program is already in place. But it’s a bad look for the resorts to hold on to these deposits.

X2. The canadian government says they are listening but no action is happening. The government doesn’t have to ever give deposits back. Lol

No different than than big tour operators actions . I had a cruise booked with Royal Caribbean that was obviously canceled but I could not get my deposit returned . Just roll it over and wait . It should not be government responsibility
to fund deposit returns 

They don’t have the money to give it back even if they want to. They would need to be able to take out a loan or get some help from the govt. Even large businesses don’t have the cash on hand to pay it back. 

Agreed. That’s just the risk you take when you pay a “non-refundable” deposit. The whole situation stinks, for you and even more for the resort owners. Without those deposits those resorts surely would not be around anymore if/ when the border reopens. If you enjoy Canadian fishing and the resorts up there I’d say chalk it up as a loss and move on. Think of it as a donation to a good cause.

I think it’s a terrible business practice. A deposit is put in place to ensure the booking party doesn’t bail at the last moment and gives the business an opportunity to sell that slot. 

How in the heck is not refunding a non-refundable deposit unethical? If they wouldn’t roll it over it still wouldn’t be unethical but it would stop me from ever going back there. I know this resort and the reason they’re fixing cabins is 1. some need fixing and 2. their employees need a paycheck. They still have a tax bill and upkeep to pay and customer deposits don’t cover that. 

Just don’t agree with you. Deposits are NOT non-refundable. They are non-refundable if the guest fails to show up. In this case, the failure to show is not the fault of the guest. And what the resort operator is doing with the deposit money – – fixing up cabins or whatever – – is completely immaterial. It’s a tough deal for the resort owners and I’m sympathetic but it is not the obligation of their guests to help them out. Again: holding onto deposits is a bad business practice.

The government closed the border!

Are you really though?

