Any speculation if resorts/fly-ins will be offering any deals to fill in for cancellations, no trade shows etc? Might be a bounty for those with a flexible schedule. I’m hoping so. 

Man, I just hope that border opens up before or even during summer! I’m stressin big time about a few of my trips up there. Did some digging and this was the most relevant article I could find. 

I wouldn’t be surprised at all to see the border closed to non essential travel through the year. Shame as it is, its probably for the best. Government and big businesses are taking this seriously. Alot of people are not though we do have pockets of responsible people. I’d rather go through this just once and suffer the consequences than have a restart on this in fall or next winter. Canada will still be there whenever this ends.

Why would they cut prices? I would expect prices at resorts and just about everything else to take a healthy price jump after this. Just because businesses are closed does not mean their expenses stopped. Thoses expenses still need to be paid somehow. Not to even mention everyones bailout monoey will need to be paid for also. 

The last I heard was all non-US travel is for sure shut down until July 1st, and the US border was/is closed from March 21st-April 21st, with the official position being they’ll re-evaluate it at that time. I’m hoping they keep it shut for another month, then open it up at the end of May/start of June, but myself and the guys I was planning to hit the Red River with on in mid-June have already started talking backup plans.

x2 with Big Pike. 

A few weeks ago I was holding out hope that the border would be back open by the Start of June. At this point I’ve about given up any hope that will be the case. As far as good deals or not I’m not sure what way that will go. Part of me says the prices will go up in a attempt to recover some of the lost $. The other part of me says they will lower the price to get as much money coming in as possible as fast as possible. I’m not sure how much $ come from Foreign country visitors to Canada but my guess is a fair amount. I would think they will try and get the borders open as soon as possible to limit the loss of those $’s.

I have a trip planned leaving May 26th, has anyone heard if they are going to extend the closure past May 20th?

I doubt you will be getting into Canada much before the 4th of July if then.

I don’t doubt that, with Minnesota having a stay at home order through the 18th currently I’d find it hard to believe they would open international travel on the 20th. Just curious what the chatter is.

Based on no information other than what everyone else has, it seems that we are way ahead in cases per person here than Canada. If I were to speculate they aren’t going to let us in anytime soon. I hope not, but fall 2020 almost seems early to me at this point.

I’m hoping like many that they open the border, open the resorts and allow them to make money and allow vacationers to get away from it all. Lord knows, many of us could use a good vacation from our homes! 

With demand down due to the border closing, prospective loss of May/June/July bookings, prices will likely fall in the short term as resorts compete for the remaining customers. 

They probably wont announce until the 18th or the 19th that they will open the border back up or not. Would be hard to believe they would just let us over the border the same way they have been doing it. 

Strictly a guess, but IF the border does reopen this summer or fall–and that’s a BIG “if”–but if it does, my thinking is that demand for lodge/resort space will be huge and prices will go up, not down. 

From what I see most guys are moving the early year trip to the fall. So to some extent the lodges will have customers but will have locked the spring prices in. 

The rumor I heard is we could see the border opening up shortly…like in a few weeks! fingers crossed

I have seen where the Canadian Provinces may be able to move back and forth,but nothing about opening the border with the United States.

But keeping in mind, the lodges/resorts already have bookings for these fall periods, so they won’t be starting from empty, they will only have available whatever rooms or capacity that was not already booked. For a prime fall week, there won’t be much available to begin with.

For me getting on a cruise boat would be akin to walking through North Mpls at 2 am.

No plans to open the border up. The half assed measures some states have taken have sealed it for the foreseeable future. They don’t even want manitobans going to Kenora. 

Has anyone heard anything new on the border closure?

Speculation among some Canadian resort outfitters is the season will not happen until Sept. if at all.

The current joint agreement expires may 21st. The discussions are to extend it another three months, but it’s in negotiations. Canada will likely keep the border closed, even if the state’s opens up their side. 

I have little faith in the border being open this year. 21 year streak of fishing Nipigon is on the line. My cut off date is mid August. The Canadians are gonna play this conservative that much is a given. Gonna guess alot of resorts will not make it without revenue for a year. The place I go to is run by Native so it wont affect him one bit other than cash in his pocket as he has everything paid for. A strange year indeed. I already have my nephew sold on my backup plan. A week of Grouse/walleye hunting this October keeping our money locally.

My 16yr streak at Grassy Narrows on the English River is at stake as well. We are waiting until they make the next announcement (assuming it will be within the next 7 days). We have tossed around a few ideas for backup plans in late July or early August, LOTW out of Baudette, Rainy Lake (already go there in early October and am familiar with the lake) or Devils Lake (have ice fished it but not open water)

https://www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-canada-us-border-expected-to-stay-closed-to-non-essential-travel-to/

I would not expect any discounting. 

Broadwater lodge near longville Minnesota refused to roll over down payments to next year of some of my older family members that couldn’t make the trip this year. Definitely gives me pause if I want to give them any more business in the future. I like the resort. But have never cared for the people in charge. 

This will be interesting to see play out as well. We have been on plenty of waiting lists for resorts to accommodate the whole family, maybe these coming years we can get in finally to some and stay on it for annual trips. 

