Hey guys. We’ve got the first week of October booked up there, and I’m just checking to see who has fished it before. Heard it can be a tougher lake, but the potential for big fish is huge. We’re fine with a tough bite, so I’m not too worried. Hoping they’ll have the fall feed bag on.

Dunno to all your questions-but GREAT lake name.

The Trading Post in Sioux Narrows usually has bait all year. The bait shop in Nestor Falls usually carries big sucker minnows in the fall for all the musky fisherman. 

Thanks for the input Pat, we’ll be targeting big walleyes for the most part, from what I’ve heard, the lake is known for putting out serious numbers (relatively of course) of tanker walleye. However we’re heading up September 28th, and the plan is to try to somewhat emulate what James did up on Nipigon with the resident lake trout for the first couple days, if we’re lucky! Just looking for some medium-large minnows to drag around on jigs and rigs, really.

We are heading up on Wednesday morning for a week. Mid August so really different than late September. I’ll post a report when we get back.
I’ve never been up Sept or Oct so it would be interesting to hear how you guys do. 

Thanks for the heads up, I’m looking forward to the report! I’ll be sure to let you all know how we do when we’re up there. Would have seen this sooner, but I just got back from a fly-in up in Red Lake, Ontario. We didn’t hit our normal 100 fish a day average, it was a pretty mediocre trip with only around 90 a day on average!

We just got back from our week long trip up there on Wednesday. Had 7 guys for a few days of the trip, but mostly 5 of us that really fish.

This was the 28″

Thanks for the report! We’re hoping that going at the end of September/start of October will provide fish that are a bit more cooperative, as well as schooled up a bit tighter chasing baitfish on those reefs. Those are a couple nice eyes! Do you guys ever try to chase the smallmouth bass up there? We’re hoping to spend a couple days targeting them as well. 

Never really target them. They are incidental catches when fishing for the walleye. I think we had 4 over 17″ this past trip and countless smaller ones.

So how did you end up doing  @TMF89?

Sorry, should have posted our results earlier! Well we ran into plenty of classic mid-fall Ontario weather, for the week, I think we only saw a total of three hours of actual sunlight! We struggled with jigs, catching the vast majority of our fish trolling cranks over open water. When we did that, we’d catch one every half to couple hours, and there were plenty good fish. I got a 28.5″ for my PB of the trip, but I think everyone (11 guys) got fish 26″ or bigger. We did find some really nice honey holes for crappie of all things, we could catch a few dozen of them in a couple smaller bays, and the vast majority of them were 10″+. We got into some pike and smallmouth bass (both while casting for pike and trolling for walleyes in 120’…)

Nice fish! Can be a frustrating lake at times for sure. 

Linders just aired a show on Dogtooth.

