I’ve been thinking about a possible future border opening and what it might look like. Based on the latest news there is a vaccine that is 90% effective another 70% effective.
Normally vaccines take 10 years of testing to get approval. This vaccine is fast tracked in a year for obvious reasons.
My question is would you take the vaccine at risk if that was what it took to fish in Canada next summer.
I have no knowledge of the situation but my guess is this will be the situation. 

I think I would take the vaccine if it was available to me to get into Canada next summer. But I doubt it will be given to us common folk by then. First year in several that we could not go and I am still bummed out over it. 

The one that came out yesterday by Astazeneca will probably be one of the more common vaccines that people receive because its dirt cheap, it doesn’t require massive cold storage, and its only one dose.

Nope, i’ll take a wait and see approach. This is worth billions and I don’t trust the fast tracking. Hopefully i’m wrong but am willing to wait.

Is this one of those controversial topics hidden with a Canada crossing topic.  

I’ve said I will take the Vaccine for 1 of 3 reasons.

I will also follow the wait and see approach. 

My son was involved in the trial for the Pfizer vaccine and said only side effect was slight fatigue after second dose that was only a day or 2. Said it was barely noticeable. Myself I don’t think we will see the border open until maybe next summer even with the vaccine it will take months to get enough people vaccinated to make a difference to the Canadian government. 

Lol…getting a vaccine just to fish vs saving your life or the lives of other??? Wow!!! I probably just started getting this topic getting dusted but come on. 

*redacted*

I try to avoid places where they ask “Vair are your papers”.

Good thing its Kanuduh then, where they ask “ehh uh may I please see your papers please ehh?”

Guys, I’m closing this one. It’s starting to head in an all too familiar direction.

