 Any fishing reports on Lac Seul?

Is the ice off???

Ice came off on Kejick Bay May 14 or so, a few days before we arrived to Mahkoon near Mahkwa. Fishing was excellent the full two weeks we were there, with warmer than usual weather. Got eyes everywhere we tried, including exploration areas. Started out a bit slow with a few fish in each area tried, but as the water warmed, numbers increased. Counted eyes boated a few days into it, and had 4 days in a row where 3 of us boated 125 to 160 eyes each day, not to mention a bunch of incidental pike and smallies. We estimated that 80 percent of our eyes were in the 20 to 27 inch range, with lots of 24 to 26 inch fish the first week. Changed to 60/40 as time went on. We pretty much only used plastics, until we needed a little rest, and dragged jig/leech or salted minnows for a bit. We did more exploring this year, and found some terrific new waters. Shoot me a pm if yo want some more detail.
Take a look at the Silver Water Wheel reports on their website. We always compare their week;y reports to our our own experience, and they are spot-on-accurate. 

Anyone been in the Hudson area of Lac Seul lately? I’m heading up there in a week and looking for reports.

BP:

Mark, what’s the bite like around Mahkwa in July? Bait, depth, structure, etc? Do you guys go into Vaughn, which is closed while we’re there for opener?

z-man:

We just got back yesterday from Lac Seul Resort near Hudson. 3 boats, 9 fishermen fished for 3-1/2 days. It was pretty solid. 582 total walleye. Wide range of sizes from cigars to nice eaters to slot fish to over the slot. Plenty of 21″-23″ fish, a few 24″, one 25″, and one 28″. We almost exclusively fished crawlers on a jig or bottom bouncer with spinner. Depths were 20′ – 30′. It was critical to watch your graph and find fish and then fish them. Blindly fishing spots was not as effective. It was also critical to move if you weren’t getting bit or you were catching cigars. Move until you found the nicer fish. Our stay at Lac Seul Resort was average. The cabins need some work. We are considering staying at Lost Island Resort or even try Mahkwa.

BP:

Lac Seul Resort is about 1 mile from the public launch near Hudson. It’s also near Lost Island Resort.

Mark,
We heard years ago that Bray holds some lakers, and have been in there a couple times over the years, but no dice on lakers. Ever get any in there?
Does Silver Water wheel offer housekeeping plans, or did you go with American plan? 

BP:

Reviving last years thread. Anyone been up to lac suel yet? We go to fisherman’s cover yearly on North west corner of the lake near Ear falls. I will report my trip when I get back I will be there the 14th-22nd. 

I got back on the 27th, fished for the most in Sen Bay. Fished with crawlers on a spinner rig in 6 to 12 FOW. Water temp. ranged from 62 to 65 degrees.
Fishing was steady with a lot of fish boated; best fish for the week was a 27 inch walleye and a 36 inch Northern.

Had a buddy just get back from their annual Lac Suel trip and sounds like they had an above average trip. They caught 8 over 27″, mainly on jigs/plastics, w some lindys and lead during lulls. 

Heading up to the Northwest section a week from today. Any recent reports? 

