Hi,
Booked a guided trip to Winnipeg for last week of March 2020. Now calling around and trying to find a hotel with availability is not going so well. Had no idea 6mo in advance would be an issue.

Try VRBO or airbnb?

Been searching AirBnB but not much for options that will accommodate our party. At least not In the south central area. Our guide recommended staying in the Selkirk vicinity so we could head to either side of the lake fairly easily. 

We always call a week after our trip and book for the next year. I know the first year we went, we called in late June and literally got the last room for the dates we wanted to go

That’s been my experience so far…until today. Guide found us a place. Little pricier than we hoped, but nice digs. So make the most of it this year and book earlier for 2021. 

It is. Fully kitted and a detached heated shop to dry gear in at the end of the day. Definitely worth the small premium I’m betting.

She’ll have her turn down at the Riviera Maya with her BFF’s, being “served” by the Cabana boys… 

Is it wrong that that doesn’t concern me? I mean, giant greenbacks seems like a pretty good trade. 

The lake has been crazy as of late. Piles of fish, even a 32” caught by a local female angler. 

Awesome to hear! My BIL has been sending me some updates via FB and seems some are nailing them and others are having slow days. 

Fine on the lake. 20-24” everywhere. The usual ridge activity. People starting to venture on the river, fishable spots are few and far between. 

Good to hear; thanks for the quick status report. Looking forward to my trip at the end of March. 

Has anyone ever stayed at the Bridgeview bed and breakfast?

Louise is an amazing lady. You can stay at her place without reservation. I don’t know if you guys heard last season about the North Dakota guys who stopped at McDonald’s in Selkirk and had their truck and gear stolen? Louise dropped everything and went and got them, fed them, at no cost. Her place is just north of the bridge to no where, so you can go east or west side. 

When you say these “fishable spots are few and far between” is that because of ice conditions? Isn’t this a GIANT lake? Is the lake fishable in the summer? I had heard it’s tough to summer fish because of its size and being so shallow that the waves are HUGE?

That comment was for the river. The river is almost completely unfishable. The lake is fishable, but can be very dangerous. You have to respect that it’s the 8th largest freshwater lake in the world. It doesn’t take much wind to get 4-5 foot waves. I have good friends that kayak fish the lake regularly, so it is doable.

