Hello, I am heading up to Canada next Saturday to fish the miles bay area of LOW for a week. We are very excited to try this area heard lots of good things. Just wondering if anyone has any recent reports for that area. Thanks 

Humps/reefs and islands will hold walleyes this time of year. Most troll bottom bouncers with spinners and either crawlers, minnows or plastics.

Just got back home today from first nation guides outpost on sabaskong bay. Nice cabin beautiful scenery, however the walleye fishing proved to be pretty tough. We traveled as far north and west as stairway point. We used a clicker and caught an average of 25 walleyes a day for 3 of us. 23″ being the biggest with a a couple 22″, 1 – 21″ 6 – 20″ all the way down to a fingerling. We found our best fishing in miles bay 20 to 25 FOW. Went through a flat of crawlers pulling spinner rigs. We finally got a leech bite going yesterday with 16th oz Jigs tipped with some nice leeches from gills in morson. 

Pulling up an old thread here…..

I was up there about 2 weeks ago. Stayed out on Alexandria Island. Fishing was ok. Caught bigger fish pulling cranks. The weather wasn’t the best. Was 80 the day before we got there then went down into the 40s with rain and wind.

Find any crappies?

We stumbled across 2 of them in 22′. Most of the walleyes were found shallow. Some in less than 5′.

Nice job! 

Love Reel em inn!! We go up in August and June. Really want to make a sept/oct. trip but my dad teaches school and Im in school so that doesnt work

Weather not looking too favorable for Sunday(our only full day of fishing) with upwards of 15mph winds. Hopefully they miss on that one……  

That part of the lake is a whole different animal than the MN side so this might not apply, but we’ve normally caught more walleye by fishing a bit off the reefs, not directly on them. 

Got home yesterday afternoon. Tough weekend for us.

Any recent reports?

Just came back from there on Monday. Most of our fish came from mud. Not much on the reefs. Pink and red smile blades and gold shiner butterfly blades were best. We caught fish anywhere from 3ft to 20. We stayed at Reel em lodge. Best fishing was close to the island.

Were you able to locate any crappies?

Heading up two weeks from today. Any reports from the Morson area?

We were up at Mylie’s Place last week. They weren’t on the humps yet. The water temp was 61 all week. They were on islands and points. Jigs and minnows worked better than bait walkers and lindy rigs. Ring worms worked better than night crawlers. Any color worked as long as it was gold. We caught a lot of walleyes, the biggest was 28″, and the fewest crappies, perch, and small mouth than in the last 4 years.

Thanks for the report! 

