Obviously, not this summer, but looking to maybe head up to Lac Seul next year. I was up with my father and group of guys some years ago and fished mostly around Hudson. We weren’t at a resort, but one of the guys had family that lived in that area so that is where we stayed. Anyways, looking ahead what kind of questions should I be asking myself, others, possible resorts, etc when planning this trip. Will definitely be a June-August trip as my son who is in school would be one in the party, with a slight lean towards end of July/early August. Such a vast body of water how do I go about location? Not sure if I’d be bringing a boat up or not. Thanks.

House boat? 

There is a lot of good fishing in that July/August time frame close to Hudson. I would recommend staying at Lost Island Lodge and go out with one of their guides for a day.

Lots of info on Canadian trips posted here………..

I’ve never been myself. Did plenty of research for my trip that’s supposed to be in a little over 3 weeks. Looking more and more like that trip wont happen, unfortunately.

I have stayed at Evergreen Lodge many times. Great service. The little bay they are in is well protected. Leaving the boat tied up all week is not a problem. The boats they rent are in good shape and clean. I bring my own boat but have thought of leaving it home to avoid trailering.

I’ve been out of Lost Island Lodge twice and it was well worth it. If you bring your own food, rent their boat and gas, and even go out with one of their guides, I think for 5 days it was just over $1000. 

Regarding the gps, download that Navioics app (USA/Canada). Then make sure you download the area of Lac Seul (or all of it) you plan to fish so it on your phone/app. Then you can use the app without cell service. The gps in your phone with allow you to be on the app so that you know whwere you are at. The first year I took my boat, I didn’t have the proper graph on the boat to be able to put one of the newer chips in it. Used the app and trail tracking system on my old graph and never had a problem of finding my way around. Looked a little silly with the phone laying on my belly navigating, but we moved twenty miles from Camp and was able to find the suggested travel route on the app and follw it to where we wanted to fish, then used the track on my graph along with the app to motor home safely!!! 

