Sitting here dreaming of August on Lac Seul. Just booked our trip to Scout Lake Resort for August in the hopes that the border opens by then. We shall see if that actually happens or not but in the meantime I’d like to keep dreaming 

Excellent walleye fishing in the Bay of Islands, fish any rocky point, esp. if wind blowing. Humps are usually good and use your electronics to find those. The walleye fishing Lac Seul is usually not hard. Usually by August the walleyes will be deeper but don’t be afraid to try shallow, like 4-6 feet shallow when the wind is blowing into the shallows. The water is stained so the eyes may be shallow. You can run to McKenzie but usually don’t need to go that far. We did a couple of times for a change of pace but I didn’t think the walleye fishing was any better. Be prepared for a MNR check usually one time a week as the officer will wait in the channel leading into the Bay of Islands which funnels boaters from Scout Lake, Scout Bay, and Rat Bay. Officer was always polite, just have your ducks in a row and be prepared. Unless it has changed the dock system at Scout Lake Lodge has water 14 feet deep at the outer edge and the slip bobber fishing can be fantastic in the evening. My young sons each caught a 28 inch eyes with leech under the slip bobber. We were doing this in mid July so it may be tougher by August. I know you may not believe me but resist the temptations to run 20-30 miles down the lake

Of course the day I post this they push the potential border opening back (again).  

I believe the current restriction runs till June 22nd. They have been extending it a month at a time so far. The current word is they are not likely to open anything up on the 22nd. This means they will probably extend it to at least July 22nd. Then possibly Aug. 22nd. That gives you several resets depending on your trip date in Aug. It sounds like Canada is nowhere close to thinking about opening up travel for things like fishing trips. We normally take a fall trip around mid Sept. That gives us at least 3 resets before then to see if they decide to change their mind. At this point I’d say a Sept. opening is 50/50 at the best. This whole Covid poop is hurting a lot of economies and business in both the US and Canada for sure. 

The news yesterday was all saying they are close to announcing that the borders will stay closed to non-essential travel until July. It just hasn’t been formally announced yet I don’t think.

