#CrawfordsCamp
First day out on open water..
Man is it beautiful up here !!
Action included SM Bass,Walleye,Pike and even some Muskie action along side the boat !!
Its alot different up here now compared to the winter that’s for sure !!

I just got back from a trip out of Sioux Narrows. It truly is a gift to us humans to see that beautiful area. We camp 22 miles by water out in LOW. This year the electric bear fence paid off because we had momma and her 3 little ones visiting our camp and as long as it was on, they stayed out.
Fishing was great! Around 1000 walleyes for 3 boats and quite a few big ones too. 30.75″ being the biggest.

Got this one out of Nestor Falls while fishing for walleye.

Awesome, great stuff!! We’re heading out to LOTW Sioux Narrows this weekend. Lodging near Index island. I have the entire week but 3 of the guys only have 2 days and I really hope to put them on fish. Any tips would be much appreciated!

Walleyes are in the process of switching to crawlers. We caught a lot of fish, actually most of our biggest fish were caught on leeches last week, but crawlers were certainly putting out numbers. We dont use jigs at all. We troll using rigs with bottom bouncers. Mainly targeting depths in 27 to 34 feet, but did catch fish as shallow as 14 feet the first evening, but that was much cooler, windy and overcast. Fish were deeper after that. Didnt target pike or bass, but did catch those as well.

Love that run out past Smiley Face on Yellow Girl to Bath, Chisholm, Deadbroke, ….. beautiful country. 

I haven’t used live bait yet…
I’ve been working wind blown points pulling some nice smallies a few nice eyes and all the snot rockets you could ever imagine!!

One of our boats ran out of leeches and started using I believe it was trigger x leeches and they did equally well for walleyes on them. Each boat had a pound of leeches (Swenson’s bait right by the access in Sioux Narrows) and a half flat of crawlers. Slim pickings for remaining bait at the end of the week.

Enjoy Dave! 

What day is it today ??  

By the smile I am guessing not the day you are forced to leave! 

Great info, thanks!!

Wind blown island points were on fire today !!

That’s a Monster Steve !!!

Home now….
Man time goes by way to fast !!
I’m hoping to get the boys up there next year for a week !!

