Thinking a year with out pressure the fish should be jumping in the boat.

I have a few questions for anyone who’s jumped through all the hoops to get into Canada.
1. How long prior to your trip date can you download and register for the arrivecan App.?
2. How long before your trip can you start the trip process on the App.?
3. If you get a negative covid test within 72Hrs of your border entry is any additional covid test needed after entering canada or when returning to the US.? 

Haven’t done it yet, but the answers are:
1. Can download anytime. Can’t do anything until 72 hrs prior.
2. 72 hrs prior
3. No, but they are doing random rapid tests, so you could get selected to be tested. So it’s a possibility just like getting your boat checked.

Would not be on this dang site if I were up in beautiful dang Canada.

You can actually fill it all out just pick any times that are available fill out the entire app then just use save and close not submit. Had mine filled out weeks ago. Crossing Thursday

Oh I suppose that would work too. Figured it doesn’t take long so long as I have all the docs so I didn’t bother to try.

Someplace I was reading made it sound like the Trip on the App. needed to be completed PRIOR to within 72 Hrs from your border entry date. 

Yeah if you try to pick a day further than 3 days from now, it’ll auto roll the date back to the max date you can pick. 

Check this out from Crawford’s camp on the latest update for border crossing: https://www.facebook.com/crawfordcamp/

So it sounds like if it won’t let you submit the info. until you are able to pick the correct date ( Within 72 Hrs of entry ) then you might as well wait to process the app.
If you process it early and just pick one of the dates available – Do you then need to go back in and update your dates once you are within the 3 day window? 

Yep exactly. Which is why I’m not bothering. It’s pretty easy to go step by step through an app in a couple minutes.

Yep exactly. Which is why I’m not bothering. It’s pretty easy to go step by step through an app in a couple minutes.

here in Walker mn. Sanford Health Care will not guarantee test results in less then 72 hours, that could screw me up

 Hear is some border crossing info.
https://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/bwt-taf/menu-eng.html

