Thought it would be fun to see all who have plans to go to Canada fishing this Summer /Fall. What dates are you going? What area will you be fishing? What species are you targeting ?

Not myself but I would be interested in your experience crossing the border in each direction. Good luck!

I may try to go to the Canuck side of Rainy in September if I can get some of my buddies to go. Will call the resort owner and talk to him also.

I will give you a update on how it goes on our return. 

Same. Have a friend going Sept 17-27 to Alberta and anticipate I’ll hear about that from him as well.

Three trips, all on Lake St. Joseph, Ontario, but at different camps and parts of the lake. Leaving Aug. 13 for a week at Root Bay with Slate Falls Outposts, then Sep. 3 to Eagle Island with Slate Falls, and last on Sep 17 to the Winoga Lodge cabin on Icehouse Bay. I usually go twice a year, but my justifications for 3 trips are making up for the lost year and a half and I’m not getting any younger, so go while I can.

Always heard great things about Tobin. What’s your average size and what trophy size can you expect?

We are planning to go to Halinshead Lake in Ontario (about 90 miles past Thunder Bay) on Sept 25th. I’ve never been there but my dad and brothers have. Fingers are crossed. 

Lac Seul August 22-27 (we hope).

Always heard great things about Tobin. What’s your average size and what trophy size can you expect?
[/quote]

Pretty much the same as Nipigon – my home Canadian pond. Very nice. I might have to visit Tobin one day. Hope your trip plays out well!

Those are some beautiful pike.

I would like to try Nipigon lake someday. That is a HUGE lake. I thought Reed and Tobin lake were big. They are tiny compared to that lake. What is average size of the pike there? What is the largest you have caught? Is it a better spring or fall lake?

Spring into mid to late summer. I’ve tried in the fall a few times but I couldn’t find them. You need to travel to remote parts of the lake to consistently catch trophy’s but once you find them its go time. The biggest in my boat is 47″ and 26#. Alot over 20#. I hope to get back up there once things normalize.

I would have no idea of where to begin a lake that size. There looks to be a ton of bays so the spring fishing would be probably a little easier. That’s why we fish the same two lakes each year. My fishing partner has almost 25 years on them and has then dialed in rather well. We try and add a new spot or two each year but its mostly just milk running the best spots each trip. I’m sure its much the same for you. 

Well I have a 20+ year learning curve. Few people on the lake to learn off of. No resorts, little access, limited pressure because of it’s pure size. It’s what makes it so special. I hope it stays that way forever. 

