Okay, here we go. Went to the Northwest Sportshow in Minneapolis on Saturday and got a lot of information, but who better to ask than people that have been to some of these places or others that weren’t represented at the show? 

This one fits  I was there about 10 years ago, he has since built new log cabins  If you go to Dominion Lake, you’ll be the only cabin and boats on the water I know of for sure.

You can try Jim and Julie’s Wabaskang Camp. It’s about 4-5 hours across the border. Great fishing, primarily walleyes and pike. Bonus fish of smallmouth.

Lake Despair Lodge is only one hour or so after crossing either IFalls or Baudette. Very nice people to.

I go here every year and it’s great people, good fishing, and to me it’s really cheap. Never spent more than $700.http://www.wabaskangcamp.com/

We go here (http://www.abramlake.ca/) every year and it’s 10 miles from the Lac Suel or you can fish Abram and Minnitaki Lakes where the fishing is just as good. We usually camp for a week and total cost for each person is around $350!!! Cannot wait to get there!!! 

Sundog,We rented a houseboat on LOW about 5 years ago. They took us out to an awesome island (sandy beach) that we used as our base camp. They came and moved us midweek. The houseboat had all the luxeries of a nice cabin (TV, VCR, Microwave, stove, fridge, freezer, shower, etc) but we weren’t around anyone else. We had 5 – 6 guys for most of the week. Our cost ended up around the 500.00 per person range. We went later in the year so we got a discounted rate. I’ve been to Canada on several occasions and will not be camping up there anymore. Between the bugs and frequent storms – no way will I camp up there again.

Hi –



My vote would go to house boating on Rainy. Awesome scenery, excellent fishing for multi-species, not too far away….and the Canadian side offers plenty of solitude. 

I don’t know what amentities, you are looking for, but what is important to me, when I go fishing in a remote area is…

Been going to Bow Narrows Camp at Red Lake , Ont for 10 years now. They have everything you are looking for, but they clean and package your fish.

If you’re still looking, I wouldn’t look any further than the Silver Water Wheel Lodge on Lac Seul. First rate service, fully guided and they have a great outpost program if you want to cook, clean etc.

In case you’re still looking- we’re now 12 years in a row and never been disappointed. This year’s group of 10 (4 guys, 4 ladies, 2 kids) caught 72 walleyes over 24″ including 12 over 27″- ALL CPR’d. 

