I’m looking for recommendations for a September Walleye trip into Ontario. Of course I’d like big fish and lots of them. Some members of the group want to do a drive-to trip and use camp boats. I’d be interested in all recommendations though. We’d be entering Canada at INTL Falls as our 1st choice. Thanks Everyone!! 

I would recommed Tetu Island Lodge . 5 star resort that you can drive to. They will pick you up and shuttle you to the island where the resort is on. My wife and I went here for our honeymoon, you don’t have to do a think but catch fish…thats it…I would go back in a heartbeat.  Lots of fish caught. 

I’ve been going to Lac Seul Lake in in Ear Falls, Ontario since I was a tike. Gold Pines Resort really has some great housing to offer. Plus the owners are really good people. The best part is I’d fish off the front dock where the gas pumps are and I could limit out on 17 3/4 inch eyes if I wanted too. The lake is one you will NEVER forget.. Truly a beautiful lake.

I’d recommend Winoga Lodge in Sioux Lookout, ON. Owner Dick Mansfield is a great guy and will put you on the hot spots, be it walleye, lake trout or northerns…even eelpout just for laughs. We generally take our own boats up there, but Winoga Lodge provides boats if you want to rent. Dick can also take you on a guided trip to Lac Suel. My family has been using Winoga Lodge since 1996. Can’t say enough good things about the place. Have never considered any other resort – great facilities. Winoga also has a couple of outposts that I’ve never been to, but I hear the fishing there is even better. http://www.winoga.com

lac suel or lake st joseph!

Do some research and find something that fits your needs, then call them and talk to them in person to get a feel of the place. There are a million camps on a thousand lakes so the options are pretty much limitless. Figure out whether you want american plan, all-inclusive, fish species, boat rental, sand beach, fly-in etc. Also maybe look into Sunset country which is kind of a host website for a large area that will do some of the searching for you.

OK, thanks for the input so far guys. We’ve narrowed it down to Gullrock or Lac Seul. One guy is concerned about crowding on Gullrock and thinks Lac Seul will have a more wilderness feel. I don’t care if it’s bumper boats if the fishing is better that’s where I want to go. Comments??? Thanks!

i have not fished Lac Suel in the Fall but have in the late June/early July period 1-2 times a year for 6 years and it is awesome. We go to the east/northeast side of LS hae gone a number of lodging routes including houseboats, hotel, cabin stays. Talking with people who run some of the resorts they have made a couple of comments about fall fishing in the NE section can be incredible at that time. The NE section of lac suel has 3 river systems feeding it and is a significant spawning area and eyes start returning there come fall. maybe something to consider. Lac Suel Outposts runs up in that section as well as Andersons lodge has outposts up there. Catching will be no problem and can bring your own boat if you want. With the economy down this past year was the quietest (pressure) I have seen in my 6 years of going. 

well who ever told ya gull rock was bumper to bumper boats was and is misinformed the lake is big enough to fish alone at any time the only places ya see many boats on are a couple of community holes and usually there all fr the same groups as i live n have fished all of red lake n all connecting waters by boat i can tell ya u wont bedisappointed in the accomodations at any of the many drive to camps on gull rock itself or to red lake itself many outfitters will welcome ya with open arms n will give u all the best fishing reports ya need n places to go gull rock n keg arer fantastic in sept so is the west end of the lake trout bay pipestone so many places so if ya need some more info id be happy to help out where as i have first hand knowledge of red lake among a few others to but i hope ya have a great holiday regardless

I would suggest Nungesser lakeIt’s accesable by private portage30,000 acres,no crowds.like doing a fly-in without the expense of flying.Anyone who has fished Nungesser will tell you it is a phenomonal walleye lake.

Another suggestion maybe for next year is Bonny Bay on Lake Wabigoon in Dryden Ontario. Great fishing, great hospitality and great lodging. Len & Nancy the owners make you feel like your family. The PWT went to this lake 2 years and there is a lake map chip of the lake.

If you are looking for a place to go there is a place just a hour over the border from I-Falls. The website is http://www.nestorfalls.com give them a click will be impress with how they take care of you and cabins are 1st class and planes with new paint and otters with turbines. I have gone for a long time with them bin and with other companys. hope these helps

Hi Bigesox –

