Headed to Lac Suel for a week in Early July. I was there about 5 years ago and we pounded them but have not been back since.
Any suggestions on spots that we should give attention to, depth to start for the first week of July, etc. Last time we were there we had all the fish we could handle on jig and minnow. Anyone pull cranks up there in the deep water?
I am pretty sure I am going to buy the navionics chip for the trip. Any advice or negatives to it?

I would keep it simple. Jig and minnow combo seems to out produce all other types of walleye techniques. I would also bring along a bunch of plastics as well… 

I second what Calvin said about minnows and plastics. I will add that you will NEED a flat of crawlers in artifical bedding as well. I have been going to Lac Seul for the last 7 years at the end of June or first week of July and depending on the spring and weather the crawlers realy turn on. BFISHN H2O 3/16th ounce chartruse sunburst or Sour Apple Precision jighead with a half crawler in 15-25 FOW on a wind swept point/island/rock shelf is outstanding that time of year on Lac Seul (at least for us anyways).

Sometimes shallower than 15 fow too, depending on conditions. rarely deeper than 25fow though.

Based on what I have read I plan to spend some time in Vaughn Lake. Does anyone know how long of a boat ride it is to Bray Lake. I have heard that can be really good as well but don’t want to make the run if it is going to eat up the better part of a day.Also, I have the chip but with it not being the most accurate up there I have some reservation about making that long run. Anyone have advice-tips on making the run from Mahkwa to Bray?

Any have a current water temp from up there?

You will find the run to Bray Lake is about the same as running to Pine point or Chambers Island about 30 minuets. Make sure you watch for the rocks as you head beyond Wendigo Island toward Chambers there are some dandy’s so be watchful. The area that you go through to get to the channel that goes into Bray is also shallow and weedy (good northern spot) and you will have to watch closely to spot the channel to Bray which also is rocky. With a current mapping chip it should be much easier to locate than when I was there several years back without one. When we were there in August the fishing wasn’t good at all on Bray but it was a nice run and interesting to explore and we did have some good northern action in the area approaching Bray. Have a great trip!

Hey Wabasha24, how was the Mahkwa trip? Did you get into Bray?

