Is there a Canada specific forum on IDA somewhere that I am missing? If not, has it been considered as an idea. I am heading up to the English river system this weekend for a week of trophy chasing which made me think that I am sure that there are a lot of other IDAers that spend a week or two north of the border that would want to discuss resorts, presentations, planning, reports of success and the sort. Just and idea/suggestion.

What part of the English?I stayed at Naughty Pines for a week with my Pop and slaughtered the walleyes!

We have been going to Halley’s Camps on Lake Umfreville which is about a 200,000 acre reservior on the English river the last 6 years and have caught loads of walleye, pike and smallies every year. It in the Trophy Waters area so all walleye over 19″ have to go back which is fine with me.

Cool. I fish Separation Lake which is just up from where you are staying each year. One idea for you to try is to not ignore the many shallow bays these systems have. The emerging weeds are a magnat! As many of the bays are rather large I have had really great success snap jigging plastics while trolling the weed edges. We use 4 inch grub tails and the good old ring worm. 

We have only been up to this location durring the week of Memorial Day and the weeds have never really been “emerging” most of the weeds that are there are dead leftovers from last year. As long as the water is below about 55 degrees the pike and walleyes are still in the bays for the most part, suspending cranks and slow twitching retrieves seem to outproduce everything. You are dead on by discussing current…wherever there is current there are fish this time of year. I will let you know how we do. Sus

looking for a cabin to rent for a week in canada next spring (2008) my son wants it for a graduation present. He wants a drive to or boat to outpost cabin but I have also heard of private cabins that are for rent. Any help would be appreciated.

Go to Gold Pines Resort in Ear Falls, ontario

This is a drive to. About 9 hours drive from Mpls. Good fishing and nice cabins. 

From what I know, I have to agree with Big G on this one.. Although I have not yet made it to Discovery, my brother has been there many many times. From the stories i’ve heard, it’s great fishing and even greater fun. I will be going there one day soon. I hear Pauley is quite the character!!

Appreciate all the advice. Checked out Discovery and was really impressed.



anyone ever fish or have any info on Ivanhoe lake? Or fish ith Red Pine Lodge?

Your right about Pauley. We came out a day early, from Dominion, because his group of 10 guys arrived a day early from Nebraska. Long story short, we fished a lake by his camp at Zarn, and caught some fish, then he supplied us with beverages that night around the fire. I remember some of what went on, but most is a blur…. felt like we were back in time about 100 years or so, with Pauley.

That’s funny stuff. I can’t wait to meet that guy.. Oh, and do some fishing.

James,I am glad that you liked the suggestion. Our group just got back this weekend so i figured i would post a report.

I know when I went up there, I am pretty sure he made his winter home in Little Falls, not too far from Rice. I don’t know if he still lives there or not though…. he is a character. 

Yes, I think he still winters in Little Falls.. A few years back my brother had to leave his crew a little early and hitched a ride back with Pauley and his gal. Pauley was driving down to buy a vehicle for his brother. So the guy had $10,000 in cash on him when he was crossing the border. You can imagine that, a guy like Pauley crossing into the US with that kind of money. It turns out they asked him a few questions. haha.

was wondering if anyone has fished Agimak or big Vermillion lakes?

