We are heading into Canada next week on our annual 5 day Smallmouth Bass excursion….ANyone have any feedback on the status on the smallies up there. Pre-spawn, on their beds, out deeper staging, etc…We will be in Southern Ontario…I am sure it depends on what lake you are on, but a general concensus would be great for planning!

I envy you…. I would suggest doing what you did last year, them are some piggies !!!

Steve, I was on the English River last week and the smallies were definately not spawning yet. Last year the water was up at 60-62 degrees and we hammered the smallies with flyrods on or near the bed areas. This year the biggest fish were relating to anywhere there was current and rock points or rock walls. Water temps this year were in the uppper 40’s and low 50’s. DT 6’s and 10’s and #10 x-raps were the hottest lures. Good Luck!!

Steve – Good luck and have fun. I had a blast catching smallies on Clay Lake (near Vermillion Bay) two weeks ago. The fish hadn’t spawned yet… water temps were in the low to mid 50s. I had the secret bait this year and smoked the other guys when it came to catching smallies. They were slip bobbering with leeches. My bait??? Jimmy D’s 1/16th Riverbugs. I would start off with black, then on over to olive green and then back to black. Man-oh-man, did they love them. Once again, good luck and have fun! MIKE

where does a guy get some riverbugs?



 

This is just a shameless plug for Jimmy D’s jigs  I had Jimmy make me some swim jigs in my personal favorite colors and they are working very well. You will love his baits, I can guarantee you  

 

Good luck up there Steve. That is always a good trip this time of the year.

Any report on the water levels? I know at one time the water was way up in that area, but curious if that has changed with the recent lack of precip?

When we were up in the Red Lake area in mid july, the water levels were up 6″ to 12″ above normal depending on the area. We did notice the water temps were 10 to 15 degrees cooler than past years at that time mid 60’s to lower 70’s. Did notice some streams were muddy and 10 miles away they were clear…spotty rains?

