I try to make it up there at least one or two times a year. Normally we hit the Grassy Narrows area. Anyone else fish this area?

Jeff,

We just put in at Grassy but fish mostly Fox, Indian and a bit in Separation. Our group will also be up there in Aug. as normal this year. I think we figured it out at this will be my 33rd time to that location. I love it up there! The last time I figured it out we were less then 1400 hours way so yes I am just a bit antsy too!!

Ain’t that the truth Jeff….I’m here at work ready to come out of my seat with anticipation!!!! How are we going to manage the wait for 1400 hrs? With this being the first time to this area…I can’t wait!!! 

Not sure I can wait that long. May just have to make a pre-Aug. trip? Just to find out the water level or something? Then as long as we are there we may as well fish. 

I kinda hinted to the wife that maybe a trip to the Great White North for a trial run would be a fine idea! At least to scratch the itch! You know why…..because we can!!!!! 

Exactly. And how did that go for ya? 

Welllll……I heard a “HUMMMMMMM?????!?!?!!?!”

Well that is better then a “ya right”.. Talked to the lodge up there today and the water has came up 3-4′ in the last 2 weeks. Also confirmed that we are reserved for that same week for the next 5 years.

Well that’s good cause (if I like it) and it was any sooner…I was told I wouldn’t be going! 

Well heck my wife thought we were in Canada last week so I don’t think it would be a problem for me. I am about to talk myself into a two day pre-fish trip here.

Yer a bit more crazy than I am! 

Been known to happen. 

We just got back from Lac Seul last week and we hammered the walleyes. No piggies but in one afternoon six of us managed to land and release 20 fish between 3 1/2 and 5 pounds. The water levels are way down at least 2ft if not more. The resort owner where we stayed at said it was much worse in the spring, closer to 4-5 feet. Needless to say a lot of lower units have been lost this spring and summer.

Anyone been up the last couple of weeks?

Just back from Lac Seul and the water seemed to only be down a foot or thereabouts. It also seemed to be coming up as there were a lot of floaters while we were fishing. Fishing could have been better as we struggled to find a solid pattern. It was in the 80’s for air temps and there was very little wind. We had two days that were very good and the rest of the time we got lots of sun!!! Still great to be up there though. I will be putting a little better report on the Lac Seul thread as I get more time to digest the numbers that the lodge gave to us.

