Anyone know what the actual law is when it comes to trying to enter Canada with a DUI on reccord?

The group I go with, has had no problems. They don’t ask, we don’t tell. Click link below.

I had a client tell me that he had to pay an additional 200.00, but got let in.

Thats the way I understand it. I also believe having a passport helps.

From the Mpls Star Tribune a while back:

This topic surfaces on this site and many others every year about this time. I wont quote any canadian law, but I can tell you my opinions backed by 25 years of Ontario fishing experience. If you are an American citizen and have a DUI or any other offense on your record, they do not have to let you in to their Country. That is not to say that if you have a DUI, that you will be denied entry. There are Pardon apllications and other ways to get around this. They cost money and you are not guarenteed entry with a completed form. It is my opinion that all this does is attract attention to your self.  The best way to go about entering Canada is to be polite and answer all of the questions that the border patrol agent asks you. You may be spot checked. If this is the case, do not have anything hidded that you do not want found. This will pretty much put an end to your trip. Most of the time, the agent will ask you for your ID. He will ask you questions regarding your business in Canada, how long you plan on being in country etc…., Answer them honestly and don’t act nervous. Remember, Sport fishing is a huge industry in northwest Ontario. American money helps this economy. They do not want to deny you access just because you have made a mistake in the past. What the Canadians do not want is any trouble makers crossing their border. If you have ever seen the line of cars crossing between Intl Falls MN and Fort Francis Ont on any Late May, early June weekend, then you will know what the border patroll agents have to deal with. Be respectful and you will have no problems, Be a smart [censored] and you will find your self fishing the Wisconsin River that afternoon. P.S If you do make it up there, Try Labatts Maximum Ice…Its good Stuff

Ditto, that’s how our group proceeds… 

We call the Labatt’s Max Ice, “Thin Ice” because that is what you are on when you drink it, Whoa!!!!!!! 

Information for Non-residents with Minor Criminality Offenses (includes DUI/DWI)

Since some of you have experienced a different amount of cash required to get into Canada with a DUI,, do you think that there’s a possibility of the cash not quite making it to the Canadian government?? i.e. the pockets of the border patrol agents??

It is usually a hassle and also inconsistent from one agent to another. I cross frequently for all kinds of reasons and rarely have a problem but don’t have a DUI either. I use to deliver building materials across and brought horse feed back and dealt with different agents on both sides who had a different ideas about a whole range of things. 

