I hadn’t done anything I would consider grand in a while so I signed onto a trip to the Sutton River in Northern Ontario for Hudson Bay run Brook Trout. Logistically it’s a 12+ hour drive from the cities to Hearst, On and then a 2.5 hour float plane flight to Hawley Lake. The river runs north roughly 75 miles via canoe to Hudson Bay. There’s a First Nation outpost on Hawley Lake run be Albert Chookomolin. The last half of this trip runs thru Polar Bear Provincial Park so eyes and ears are on alert on the lower river. A few days before we started our trip Albert shot a polar bear off the dock at his camp on Hawley Lake so there is potential for a polar bear encounter anywhere on the river. Our trip was polar bear free but we did see a sizeable black bear and a number of caribou.

More Sutton Pics…

And more….

You get the picture…

Nice report. Beautiful fish!!!

That did not suck.

One interesting item was there was a group one day behind us on the river. They were all from India. Apparently they fished in India but wilderness canoe camping wasn’t in their library of experiences. They had been asking about designated camp sites and the pilot was saying he had to show them how to hold a canoe paddle. Lucky for them the river was pretty forgiving with only a few class I rapids. To give them credit they passed us on day 8. They were low on the river so hopefully they finished their trip without incident.

Awesome report…Those are truly amazing Brook Trout or Specs as Canadians call them. There are not too many places in the world you can catch an average of 35 Brook Trout/Day between 16″ and 22″ and it is considered below par. The Sutton River is definitely on my short list of must do trips in my lifetime.

Thanks for pics they were amazing to look at.

I sure do. I wish I was in the picture. That’s certainly on my bucket list. Do they have Arctic char there too?

No Char that I’m aware of. Basically Brook Trout and Pike. We caught a number of pike up to 34″.

Wow! What a trip.

We fished the Albany River. Although we didn’t intentionally target spec’s we got some up to 22″ (only a handful), it was very surprising that good sized specs would be in the same spots as lunker pike > 40″ and walleye > 28″, in the current that is where the food was. The Albany is a wild and very dangerous river to fish and requires a guide.
The call of the north is strong. We flew in ~ 120 miles. I understand the Sutton is a much further flight and I saw trophy’s of male brook trout (the ones with the color) that had to be > 5 pounds that came from the Sutton River. It would be nice to see it.

I think the real trophy specs are in the Nipigon. KWP and I fished it a couple years ago and he got a 23″ fish over 6 lbs. I know the guide we used has seen fish up to 25″ in the 8 lb range. The numbers there were significantly less but we caught some absolutely gorgeous fish. We fished it right after that massive rain storm in Duluth where the seals got loose so we had high water. I think we would have caught more with normal water levels. The power of the Nipigon however was truly impressive.

I had to track down that pic. That Nipigon trout was on steroids.

Heck of a speck

Looks like a little slice of heaven up there! Great pics.

