Going to Canada in 2 weeks and would like to get opinions on what is the best insect repellant to get?

Hooded sweatshirt and a headnet.

3M Ultrathon is the best I’ve used (spray).

Thanks for the info. Where do you get the Ultrathon?

For gnats we have been using a product called Buggins and that really works. Not sure how it works on skeeters…

This stuff works well. I think Fleet Farm carries it.

Yes 3m ultrathon at Scheels

In some years and areas in Canada even the best repellent don’t work. 

Deet

While guiding at night, Ultrathon and a Thermo-cell is always in my boat.

Seriously, no one suggested Deet 100.

The FW works at 3M and got a case of this in olive drab bottles that they make for the military. Works great and I only glow in the dark a little.

I liked the old school Muskol which I think have 80% DEET. Basically where there are serious bugs, more DEET is the way to go IMO. 

Thermo-cell. That is all I take when hunting or fishing in Canada and in MN for that matter 

Funny story: A couple years ago I went on a fly-in trip. It had been raining hard the previous few days and we were on the tail end of the weather system, so the rain had just stopped and it was warm out. On the walk into the cabin we noticed all the little wiggly white things on our wet shoes but didn’t think much of it. Around 3am we started getting eaten alive inside the cabin. We closed the windows, killed every mosquito we could find, and went back to sleep. But soon after they were back. We spent a couple hours the next morning looking for holes in the screens, etc. We slept with the windows open the remaining nights with no problems, and I’m convinced that the wiggly white things became full grown mosquitoes inside of the cabin that night. We must have had near perfect timing. 

That’s why I suggested Deet (not a Deet derivative)

I like to spray my clothes, shoes and gear with permethrin, (available at Walmart, fleetfarm, Gander). Its great for repelling anything that crawls or bites. Then lightly spray exposed skin with deet. Permethrin will stay active on clothing for 4-6 washings. You need to spray it outdoors, let it dry and you’re good to go. No lingering smell, you cant tell its on your gear. BUT it is bad if you spray it around cats, can cause nerve damage. I used it morel mushroom hunting this year. Out almost every day 5/8-5/23 and not one tick and no skeeter bites. My hunting buds all had numerous ticks and a few skeeter bites using traditional topical sprays. Spray everything good, (pants, shirt, shoes, hat, tent, any cloth gear you have)let it dry, spray again, let dry and you’ll be bulletproof! 

