Caught this 40#, 45″ beast using dipsy divers on converted pike rods because I dont have room in my boat for trout rods. My wife and were celebrating our 25 year of marriage on this trip which only made the fish that much more special. I was initially nearly spooled when the fish hit because I needed all the line I could give to get the lure at the right depth. In comparison I caught a laker 12 or so years ago up here that tipped the scales at 33#. That fish was 43″ long or only 2″ shorter than this beast. She swam away without issue. It should also be noted we went trout fishing because we needed a break from the crazy pike fishing. Handling too many large fish!!!! 

Wow! I really need to get up there!

Those Nipigon Lakers give me the shakes! Fantastic fish bigpike! How deep were you fishing?

Congratulations! Maybe I need to get that trip from the “gee someday” into the let’s get some dates set. Big pike and big lakers, what a combo.

Great fish!

We were fishing a cut between an island and a point. 270 feet deep. The fish were stacked between 60′-100′. I figured my dipsy was working between 50′-70′. 

Chartreuse j-plug

That’s a note worthy trip!
My wife, Diana, and I fished the Nipigon River last fall for the beautiful Brookies and had a blast.
We drove around lake Nipigon one day and decided we would be back.
There is a guide service in the area with a sizable boat that charters for multiple days and tow’s smaller boats along out to the islands. I believe The Lidners did a show of this type a couple years ago.
It’s on our bucket list!
We’ve also fished the area around Quetico and have enjoyed great success.
Keep up the posts as I’ve truly enjoyed reading them.

I have seen those boats on a number of occasions. From what I understand they tour around the lake hitting the walleye spots. They tow a number of smaller lund’s. $$$$

Whats the travel time to get there from Minnesota?

Its 150 miles from the border crossing to the boat landing! The last 5 miles are rough but the rest is nice road.

Wow great fish must have been a blast reeling that monster in!

Nice Fish Little Pike  I got there right after you. We did well also. (Don’t forget who lent you the Dipsy and Plug that got you hooked on Lakers)

Best way to get on Nipigon is from Pasha Lake Resort. Better Roads. Better Access! 

Fantastic fish!

