Thinking of going to Canada for a Pike trip this summer. Would be towing a fiberglass boat so I want to stay off gravel roads. Main interest would be size vs numbers. I have always had good luck fishing where a good size river dumps into a lake. I cast and troll primarily. Would like to stay 2-4 hours drive time from the border at the most. Must be good cabins, not 5 star good but not leaking roof bad either. 

Noticed you have had no response. Any luck? My “resort” on Nipigon is off your list. But I would look at Rainy or Lotw. Call up the resort owners and tell them what you want. I would target the spring / summer transition time when the larger females are recovering and hungry and can be found shallow or near shallow water. Hope you find it!

I’m curious as well to see if someone has good ideas. I do the north arm of Rainy 1-2 weeks a year. Most trips in the last five years have been more numbers than size which is a reversal from 10 years back. Big ones are still here and we did find a few last September. 

If your boat is 25 hp or less, no need to go all the way into Canada. We have had some of the most excellent big Pike fishing on Basswood in the BWCA. Best part is we’re the only ones up there actively seeking out big pike with heavy tackle and lures and catching them. Pic is from last June 44in 18 lbs on a glide bait. We’ve seen much bigger follow right by the boat.

Thanks Chad but the BWCA doesn’t fit for me.

 @dutchboy

Totem Lodge Sioux Narrows

Thanks guys.

look at Hobbs resort or Moak lodge on Cross bay of Cedar Lake Manitoba. Drive to resort about 3.5 hours north of the Border. Outstanding big pike fishing and the walleye fishing is excellant as well. Cedar lake flows into the North end of lake Winnipeg just a few miles away. Only about 5 miles of gravel into camp the rest is pavement. 

Yes, their place is about half way up, north of Rebecca island and near Ami point.

Ugghhh, now I can’t think about anything besides awesome days in Canada. I’m supposed to be working  

It is just plain amazing how “blue” that water on Rainy can look sometimes.

A little late to the game, but you can run Nipigon without touching logging roads. Just wanted to put my 2 cents in. Good luck this summer, take tons of pics and share!

