How old do you need to be before you don’t need a parent’s letter? My nephew wants to ride to Canada with my parents (his grandparents). He is 16. Does he still need a letter from both parents (divorced parents)? He has driver’s license, birth certificate, passport, vax card, etc. 

https://travel.gc.ca/travelling/children/consent-letter

We went through this a month ago; my friend and I met my dad and my 15year old nephew/grandson.
They did have the consent letter ready but the border agent never asked for it. Just the passport and arrivecan/vax info. I believe my sister is the only one that filled it out and they are divorced.
It wont hurt to bring the letter otherwise it could be a PITA.

If possible I’d just bring the letters so there is no Hassle. Those Canadian border agents run from Super fussy to I could not give a _hit. If your luck is like ours when crossing the border you will get the super fussy. I would not take the chance.

Thanks for the replies!

Well in that case you may just have to take your chances. I think your chances to have any issues is slim. I’d have the form from the dad just in case. That may be enough. Best case would be if they don’t even ask for any additional paperwork. I’d just hand the border agent his Passport and not volunteer any additional Info. unless asked for. This may sound funny, but I’d also try and time the border crossing at a busy time at one of the busier entry points. They seem to not ask as many questions when they are really busy. I think when its really slow, they look for more things to make the day more interesting. Good luck, Hope you don’t have a problem, and you have fun. 

One other thing I’d add is to make sure there is nothing in the Divorce paperwork about needing written consent to take the child out of the State or Country. I know this type of information is often in the child section of some divorce paperwork. A situation like this may put your parents ( the Grandparents in a bad legal situation ) Just my .02 worth. 

Agree with the last post. They are hyper sensitive about kids crossing without both parental permission slips. Some care, some don’t. We have had kids from both countries taken by parents across the border without the other knowing, made for bad press both ways. 

Are there options if the mom refuses to provide a letter?

I was just in Canada last week with my 13-year-old.

Bit of positive news… it sounds like mom is going to provide the letter. But of course, that’s what’s been said thus far 

