Well the spring Canada 2023 trip is done. We had a great trip despite a few odd issues. We had some rather odd weather conditions this year. We had low to mid 90’s one day, followed by a low 40’s wake up temp the following day. a near 50 deg. temp swing in about 12 Hr’s. I guess Minnesota isn’t the only place that happens. We also went from Flat calm to rather heavy winds on back to back days. With a Rather early ice out date ( May 15th ) and a lot of warmer than normal temps, The water temps were by far the warmest I’ve seen there. Main lake was upper 60’s. bays were in the low 70’s. Most years the main lake is low to mid 50’s and bays upper 50’s at the most. The warm temps really killed the Lake trout bite on the shallow rocks and reefs. That was a bummer, because I really look forward to and enjoy catching them on light fishing gear. The last few years the walleye population seems to just get better and better. This year was no different. The # and average size of the walleyes was incredible. we probably easily caught 300-400 walleyes with a average size in the 21-23″ range. No monster ones this year. Probably had a dozen or so in the 27-28″ range. The walleye have to be under 21.5″ to keep there. We had to work real hard to get 5 fish under 21.5 one day to keep for a shore lunch. Thought for awhile we were going to need to keep a few in the 20″ range but ended up getting 5 from 15-18 for a nice meal. The Big pike ( 40″+ ) was down from what we would have liked ( I think the warmer water temps also was the cause of this ) the #’s of fish in the 30-36″ range made up for it. We did manage to take out a skag and a prop on a rock. The water was down about 2 ft. This brought a lot of dangers that are not there into play. We were able to fish the final 2 days on the spare prop and took it a lot safer. Lots of mainlake rocks and reefs on this lake. None of them marked and no mapping of the lake. The lake is rather large. Here is the only size data I can find on it:

A few more pictures

Two last pictures

Our trip wasnt very good. We got back Friday. Fishing was terrible Monday and Tuesday. Combined I think we got like 30 walleyes. Wednesday with the unreal smoke was our best day with like 120 walleyes. The weather was nothing like what was forecast. 40’s overnight, highs in the low 60’s. 

Where was you trip at? we didn’t have much of a issue from the smoke. On the real hot humid day it was rather noticeable. Most the fires were to the West of us and we mostly had a wind from the East or NE and it carried most of it away from us. 

There is a Resort right next to the public landing on Reed lake. I always wondered about the cost of it. On our way home I looked it up. It is called Grass River lodge. Here is the prices:
AMERICAN PLAN
3 Days, 4 Nights $2175.004 Days, 5 Nights $2340.005 Days, 6 Nights $2750.006 Days, 7 Nights $3100.007 Days, 8 Nights $3300.00
Includes airport pick up from Flin Flon, lodging, meals, shore lunch, boat & motor, gas, and guide.
This is per person. I think we will stick with camping ( also right next to the landing ) We figured up our total cost when we got back home. Total for all 3 of us was 1600.00 ( 533.00 each ) this was the cost of the Food, All the gas, campground and landing fee’s, and license. So for those saying a Canada trip is so expensive, it really is not. That was for a almost week long trip. I spend more than that for 3 days at Leech lake in the fall chasing Perch. 

Nice photos. My Father got back on Friday and also said the water was about 2 feet down. He ran into a boulder and ruined his lower unit so he is not in a great mood.

We came real close to taking off the whole lower unit. Another inch or so and i think it would have been gone. It sheered the skag off almost flush. 

We were in NW Ontario on Lake of the Woods. Straight South of Kenora about 15 miles. The smoke was absolutely terrible that one day. The next day was beautiful but cold. We didnt have any hot days. Sunday was the warmest when we got there, but that wasnt even 80 I dont think.

Nice fish thumper.Did you figure in the cost of repairs for the trip ave?

Nope. Those are the going to be covered by insurance. The guy who’s boat it is Carry’s a low deductible for that vary reason

nice fish! sounds like a great trip

Must have been Canada week for us IDO peeps last week. We got back Sunday from our trip about 40 miles north of Kenora on the English River. Weather was pretty good all 5 days with one being very smokey. Seemed to be more pike than other years, but the fishing was fantastic as always. The bait fish were thick and it showed in how fat all the fish were.

A few more. 4 different times I snagged a shiner pulling a crank through a cloud of bait fish. 

Im heading there Friday night, should be on the water about noon Saturday thru the following Friday. Sounds like the water is pretty low, guessing we wont be able to get into Dumpy Lake, but places that weren’t fishable last summer due ot the high water and current should be good this year 

Nice fish and great pictures. Sounds like you had a great trip. Those big pike look rather healthy. A lot of our spring pike tend to look rather skinny. Our trip is usually rather close to the Pike spawn so a lot of the fish tend to be run down and have not had much time to put weight back on. Our fall fish tend to be the opposite. Healthy and Fat. 

 I think we will stick with camping ( also right next to the landing ) We figured up our total cost when we got back home. Total for all 3 of us was 1600.00 ( 533.00 each ) this was the cost of the Food, All the gas, campground and landing fee’s, and license. So for those saying a Canada trip is so expensive, it really is not. That was for a almost week long trip. I spend more than that for 3 days at Leech lake in the fall chasing Perch. [/quote]

I spent $437 on gas between the boat and my truck. Bait was $125 USD, Food was negligible maybe $100. We are looking at other lodging options next year because I am done camping. Every dang year we get rocked by a storm and there is no protection in a tent. Last year it rained harder than I have ever seen for 3 hours straight and 70mph winds. The tent was coming off the ground with me and my buddy in it. Ive had my boat blown up on shore a couple times and that is obviously not desirable.

This is the exact trip I’m looking to start doing with my son. I want to camp to keep it cheaper.
That rock wound sucks but the fishing looks awesome
[/quote]

Ya the whole Camping thing gets harder and harder as we get older. We have had really good luck over the years and have not had many issues with poor weather. Quality camping gear is a must. That is the one thing I prefer on our Fall trip to Saskatchewan. On that trip we get a cabin at a resort. Its also nice to have unlimited Gas for the Boat available. We tend to go through a ton of boat Gas on that trip. Lots of long runs to the best fishing spots ( probably why they are the best spots – a long ways from the landing ) 

