We cross into Ontario at I’Falls/FF. We’ve always gotten Canadian money from our local bank, but they aren’t doing that anymore. 

IM guessing the place you are going to spend money doesnt accept cards? If they do just use your card it will convert it for a minor fee, but its super convert. Otherwise I am of no help unless you can find an ATM on the canadian side Id guess.

Yeah, we could do that, but just trying to avoid the fee. Could use American money to pay for the cabin, but we don’t get the current exchange rate and lose out on some $.

We just came back from a resort and they charged in USD and it was ridiculous for what we got. It was $565 per guy (10 guys) the cabin didnt have a cooktop, had a dorm size refrigerator and we were a bed short so my son slept on a cot. We wont go back. THe fee you’d pay using the card or at the ATM is far less than paying them in USD since the exchange rate is .76 right now. I think the card fee is like $5.

Oh, ok. I was thinking the card fee would be a percentage…. like 3% or similar. But if it’s just a few $, then we’ll just use it. Thanks!

Last year when I went to Canada I called my bank in advance to order canadian $. They told me not necessary because they keep it on hand. This year I went into the bank the day prior to our trip and was told they no longer keep it on hand and needed to be ordered in advance. Out of luck. Not enough time. Luckily at the last Gas stop we made just shy of the Canadian border they offered money exchange. Was able to get canadian cash right there for the current exchange rate. This while using the Pembina Border crossing. Maybe a Gas station near your border crossing will have the same service. 

Good info FT. You might want to check with your bank to know for sure if it’s a flat rate or percentage. Mine was flat rate. Even 3% is better than giving away 24 percent at current exchange 

Does the resort charge the cc fee? The credit card doesn’t care what kind of money it is, just select CDN when you pay. I’ve been to many countries and used different cards around the world and have never been charged a currency fee. If the resort takes a cc and doesn’t add on a 3% fee (people do this because that’s what the cc companies charge for the card useage) then using a cc is going to be your best route.

I know lots of the business’s in Canada really appreciate it when you use good old Canadian cash. Like here in the good old USA. Often Cash will get you a discount or at least some extra friendliness and service. They don’t like the paper trail that Credit card usage leaves anymore than some US business’s.

You can also convert your American $ to maple syrup. They accept that anywhere they accept Canadian $!!!  

When I cross I just stop at the bank in Fort Francis and exchange currency. Exchange any leftover back before I leave.

Call Border Bobs and see if their exchange is open yet. 218-283-4414

Or Labatts but do t try and give them American Labatts they will immediately know the difference.

https://www.canada.ca/en/financial-consumer-agency/services/merchants/credit-fees-merchant.html

I don’t bring any Canadian money across into Sask anymore. Been there done that and I end up with alot of leftovers coming home. Some of the Co-op’s will let you overcharge your C/C on gas purchases and give you Canadian money back in change. That’s what I have been doing for the last 5 years or so. Just enough to get by and the rest goes on C/C.

Just walk into any bank nearby and ask. That’s what I do. I am right by the border though so maybe that’s why they all have a bunch on hand. 

Thanks guys. My dad said he found a place in I’Falls that sells/exchanges Canada money. So we’ll stop there. 

