I am heading for a new to adventure. 

Make sure everyone in your group can cross, I see groups turned back because one guy forgot he had a dui… I’d use your credit card, grab a couple hundred in cdn from your bank, the rates will be better. Get 20’s, smaller stores may not be able to break large bills. If any minors, make sure you have permission slips signed by both parents with contact numbers. 

I would avoid getting CAD if at all possible. Use your credit card and it converts to USD for a very small fee. Try and get bait arranged ahead of time. Depending how you get to Eagle Lake, if you go through Sioux Narrows there is a bait shop that you can order bait and have it ready in advance. You cannot even bring crawlers anymore. Swenson’s Bait is the name its on the right side of the road right on the water’s edge of LOW.

You should be able to call your agent and request a Canadian Insurance Card. Coverage or required endorsement may vary by company so have them review that as well. 

Great point and if they are 17 they need a passport too. My son turned 17 and a note this year wouldnt have gotten him in. He needed a passport.

I’ve been to Temple Bay a couple dozen times since 2002. If you have a guide you’ll be in good hands. My father in law and two friends were there last week and caught something like 1100 walleye in 5-6 days. It’s on TBL’s Facebook page. They fished with Miah, as usual, and I’m sure they went down to the east end (Nivens) like they always do. I never go that far since I started bringing my boat in 2007. 

Is this a new thing? I never checked with my insurance before going up there. Is there a chance I was not covered when I was up there, and is this for just the boat or everything?

It’s not new, but I don’t think it’s mandatory either (I’ve never been to Canada personally). I work for State Farm and we do them somewhat frequently. With SF your coverage extends automatically in Canada for your auto, but some people want to make sure they have the appropriate documentation beforehand. I can’t speak for other companies.

