 Will be heading to Lac Seul in June.
Any Ice out & water level predictions?

No ice out predictions, but you can track the water level by looking at this website. Click on Lac Seul in the Water Levels & Flows section:
http://www.lwcb.ca/waterflowdata.html

I should have added that the yellow area represents the level 50% of the time. The dotted red lines are the upper and lower 10%. It looks on the low end of normal at the moment.

We are headed a fair amount North of Lac Seul the 1st week in June. I sure wish I could find someone who lives in the Pas area of Manitoba who could keep me posted on the ice out situation in that area. We moved out trip up a week earlier than normal this year hoping to be as close to ice out as possible. Just my luck this will be the year we have to worry about the ice being out when we arrive. Looking at the current forecast for the next 14 days for the Pas the night time temp is below freezing every night and the daytime temps are in the Upper 30’s to upper 40’s. That forecast is thru May 6th. Sure hope there is warm temps headed that way after that. 

Check out Lake of the Woods Ice Patrol. Been watching that site for a few years now, and it’s been extremely helpful in adjusting our plans when needed. We’ve been going to Lac Seul for two-week trips starting with the opener, so we changed plans for the first week couple times now. They are now projecting that the ice-out date is setting to up to be the latest on record for recent history. 

has anyone been up to Lac Seul so far this year? i’m wondering about road conditions getting to Ear Falls. we head up in a few short weeks!

It’s really a day-to-day thing. I was just up north of Ear Falls last week, there’s a detour on the first stretch of 105 that starts at Vermillion Bay. It’s pretty rough, dirt/clay road, lots of ruts, adds probably 45 minutes to an hour onto the trip. Since it’s clay, the more people drive on it the more water comes up. 

we are heading up this Saturday.
any updates on road and lake and fishing conditions?
TIA!

We were on Lac Seul last week. Walleye fishing was very good. We had 5 days of SE wind. The fish were stacked on the points that were hit by the wind. There is a good year class of 24″ to 26″ fish. Plenty of eaters. Jig and a minnow could not be beat. Tried Jigging Raps, all sorts of plastics, just didn’t work as good as a jig and minnow. The detour was a gravel road. Not too bad, couple of big potholes. They were working (hauling gravel) on the detour on our way home.

Had a buddy fish it last week. Their group caught 1035 in 3.5 days. He thought the average size has gone up. 

How many people you have in your group?
1035 WOW!
Nice trip. Congrats!

our resort owner (Scout Lake) emailed me this morning that Hwy 105 is fully open now, so it sounds like we won’t need to use the detour thankfully.

had a great trip! (June 25 – July 2) we fished the middle west portion in and around Bay of Islands out of Scout Lake.

Good read and great memories I’m sure.

