Hi all,

I have stayed at Crawford’s, but it looks like you are looking for a place like Totem’s on LOW. I have always heard good things about Totem’s and Yellowbird. You can usually find a place to fish out of the wind. The 16.5″ shouldn’t be a problem. This area is in Ontario.

I sent you a message.

IMO, for an area that’s easy to get to and offers a wide variety of resorts and lodging options, Minnitaki Lake near Sioux Lookout. The lake has walleye, pike, and even some decent smallmouth action for extra entertainment. 

We decided to rent one of the island cabins with Totem 7/25-7/29. Should be a lot of fun!

Talk to the resort. They should be able to fill you in on everything you need. Just tell them this is your 1st trip to Canada. 

 When we go to Canadian, we pack our trucks and boats in an organized way that it’s east to take everything out at Cust as they go through it. It’s really no big deal and remember, they are doing their job.

 If you are talking about LOW and its the island I am thinking of that is going to be quite the hike with that boat! We camp on an island near there and its a 22 mile boat ride one way from Sioux Narrows. We all have boats over 18 feet and 30 plus gallon gas tanks and need to add fuel before the return trip.

Totem has 3-4 island cabins right by the resort. We’re in one of those…should be nice for the family. We can just boat over to either Totem or Yellowbird and use the amenities as well.

 Do you have a GPS with either a Navionics, Lowrance or Lakemaster chip thats recent? If not, try to get one as they should have that area mapped well. There are a lot of reefs so that would be where I would start.

I do have navionics on my Lowrance units. I’ll definitely take some time to download that entire area before we head up. Drop shot fishing is about my favorite way to catch smallmouth. I figure that will probably be effective with the clear water in that area.

Its really a beautiful area. There are lots of current areas due to the river flowing through too. We havent explored that part of the lake much since we are in drive mode to get to where we camp, but you should have a blast!

For the border crossing – bring an original birth cert. for the kid, not a copy. We got a stern warning when crossing back into the US with our 1 year old. Otherwise just relax and answer their questions truthfully.

 Wiley Pt is the one I was thinking of. Yes, we camp on Crown Land near there. It will be interesting what we will find since its been 3 years since we have been there and I am sure very few people have been there. 

Sweet, is there a lot of established sites in that area? I’ve made dozens of day trips in my 17′ tiller and always thought it’d be nicer to just camp right there.

 There are a few. I know the guys that I go with who have gone much longer than I have, said there are a few around, but Ive only been to this one spot. I know when we have been going out and about we have seen a spot or two but its rare to see other campers TBH. Houseboats show up every year however.
The last year we went we had bears infiltrate camp and we have an electric bear fence.
We’ve had some absolute fantastic fishing and some ho hum fishing. We go mid June.

Appreciate the insight.

 THe biggest thing is finding a good spot to pull the boat up to. This one is a fairly protected one so its very nice. If you find sand somewhere that would be ideal, but everything is that shale rock and nothing seems real protected from wind so the boats can take a beating. We bring old conveyor belt or a barn stall matt to put under the bow. I know I searched google maps one time and you could find photos that people had uploaded, but it seems likes its gone. There were quite a few photos on various islands around, but I cant seem to find them anymore. Or maybe it was google Earth???

Oh I know all to well how few sandy shorelines there are… can never find one when it’s time for a potty break. HA I’ve always gone July/August and it’s 100% musky trip, we stay at the Angle and day trip up to Big Narrows area just south of Wiley Pt. Fishing sunrise to sunset and we always find one of those sandy bays to beach the boat and take a nap mid day. The thing is those sandy bays are always thick brush on shore with nowhere clear enough to set up a tent. I’m sure just chock full of skeeters at prime time too!

 I tell you what, our trip usually coincides with a bug hatch and that is some of those unreal bugs I have ever seen. Mosquitos havent been too bad, but we have a screen hub tent we bring with so that really helps.

I came across this very well done video of a boat tour up the Eastern side of Lake of the Woods starting at Wheelers Point, through Morson, to Nestor Falls, through Turtle Portage, to Sioux Narrows, through Reed Narrows, up Long Bay past Yellow Girl point to Kenora. It’s not a fishing show but fun to watch if you like the lake. 

 That is an interesting video! Never knew about half of that stuff especially the prisoner of war camp and the gold mining.

if you look it’s easy to fine the one for the western side of the lake too. he traveled from Kenora south along the west half (one video) and then back north along the eastern side (video posted above).

 Cool! I am watching it now and the part where he is standing on that reef is the reef we call “skull and crossbones”. We have caught a ton of nice walleyes around it, but its a doozy. Some years you can see it better than others because of water level obviously.

