The water level is going to shoot up pretty quickly from way below average last year, to above average.

Not the canadian side, but Arnesen’s posted a picture of their harbor the other day and the water is noticeably higher already than a lot of recent years. 

That is Helliars Resort. I will be there on the 29th.

Was on the lake in Morson yesterday ,lots of docks under or almost under water. Still lots of ice on the large parts and more rain on the way.

Saw an article yesterday in the GF Herald that mentioned the lake was up 25 inches since melting began.

I’ll be there on June 4-11 for my first visit to this area of LOTWs. Very interested in your experience. How did the high water levels affect the fishing, water temps, etc. 

I was up there last weekend and fishing was good. Fish it like you normally do and you’ll catch fish.

Massive storm today. Coming in got rained on by the buckets and lightning way too close. 

With Crane, Namakin, Kabetogama & Rainy Lake all flooding at near historic levels it’s no shock LOTW is flooding. It will get worse before getting better.

Raining again in International Falls right now. More water for LOTW.

The amount of water required to flood these huge bodies of water is incredible. I saw somewhere the amount of water flowing into Rainy during the huge rainstorms was the equivalent of 10 Lake Minnetonka’s per day. Crazy!

 Someone shared a map of the Rainy River watershed (ala LOW watershed) and it was enormous! Reaching well into Canada.

You can google it, and you are correct. Massive.

just think…that entire watershed flows out through the Norman dam in Kenora.
combine that with Lac Seul’s water from the English River…and those two combined still only make up 50% of Lake Winnipeg’s watershed. it’s a stunning amount even under normal conditions.

I wondering how dang high the water is going to be when we get to Sioux Narrows on the 18th. I am sure that pier at the landing will be well under water. There was one year it was a like a 5 foot drop to the water.

I saw that Springsteel Island “just north of Warroad” was looking for a bunch of volunteers to help sandbag today. They have a site set up in town to fill bags and then they will haul them up to the point later today.

 That was the resort I saw the video on FB of with water surrounding the cabins. That was nuts.

I’ll be there on June 4-11 for my first visit to this area of LOTWs. Very interested in your experience. How did the high water levels affect the fishing, water temps, etc.
[/quote]

We’re worried our island will be under water for our trip starting June 18. Normal water years its maybe 3 feet above water level. Called the baitshop in Sioux Narrows yesterday and he said the government dock is already well underwater. With knee high rubber boots you would get wet he said. Only going up from there.

A buddy just told me a DNR guy said LOW should have crested this week. That would be a heckuva surprise to me since the Rainy hasnt crested and they just got 4 more inches of rain.

Musky, we heard the same thing about cresting this week. I also find that hard to believe. We are heading up Thursday, will definitely be an interesting trip. Hopefully they are right about the peak!

Here is what the government dock looked like may 20th and it way worse now. The water is still on the rise inflow is 70,000 and max outflow is 50,000

DNR guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about. The Rainy watershed has to drain to LOTW. LOTW won’t see any relief or crest till July. 

Rainy has not reached it’s crest yet. It’s surpassed the 1950 record and is still rising. Lots of water headed to LOTW yet.

I was fishing the last week about 30-40 miles north of Mine Centre which is west of Aitikokan on Hwy 11 and part of the Rainy Watershed. The area received about 4.5 inches of rain Monday-Thursday.

2022.06.03 Lake Level Forecasts
by Secretariat June 3, 2022

 That is crazy so it has to be over a foot higher than 2014 then. Sheesh. THat is wild. Hopefully no significant rains. Its crazy to think last summer we were in a severe drought.

 Was this photo taken by you? Curious if there was any flooding on the road to Sioux Narrows. It was flooded in sections back in 2014, but I think they did some improvements since then.

The 511 site shows water closing the northbound lane just north of Sioux Narrows on Hwy 71, but passable.

 Thank you sir!

