https://www.gov.mb.ca/nrnd/fish-wildlife/pubs/fish_wildlife/fish/angling_strategy_fact_sheet.pdf

Cam haven’t been up since the boarder was closed. Am I reading that right? No walleyes over 55cm 21.5 inches roughly? So no trophy what so ever out of big windy? 

I’m not even sure how much our Non Resident license cost last spring. We hardly ever keep any fish so I don’t even have a idea of what the limits and size are. The only thing we would probably keep for a meal would be a lake trout. But managing to get one under the size limit is almost impossible on the lake we go. Nothing better than Lake trout put up and boiled in 7 UP and dipped in melted butter. Yummy. Only ever brought home walleyes one time. Get my fill of eating them while there. Don’t want any hassle at the border when asked if we are bringing home any fish.

Correct. No more keeping a trophy. All walleye over must be released. Limit has been dropped to 4 across the board. Lake and river specific restrictions are still in effect, for example the walleye opener is still after the spawn on the lake and river. 

Cam
What part of Manitoba do you live in????

Winnipeg. 

i was hoping you may be from near the Pas area. Be nice to have someone who could keep me posted on the spring lake thaw on Reed lake. We like to plan our spring trip as close as possible after ice out but that can vary a lot from year to year. We normally plan for the 1st week in June. we have had to push it back a time or two. 

Did that from 2009 through 2015. I have fond memories of that trip, but not the drive up. We’d leave from Buffalo, MN and drive all day and night. By the time we got there, we shouldn’t have been driving. Set up camp and crash.
Like you, we’d try for ice-out but it was hard to predict. Sat on shore and waited for a day once. Lots of nice pike, walleyes and lakers, sometimes all 3 in the same spot. I think we also got a few whitefish. My biggest pike came there, a skinny 47-1/2″.
Good luck. Post a report when you get back.

Did that from 2009 through 2015. I have fond memories of that trip, but not the drive up. We’d leave from Buffalo, MN and drive all day and night. By the time we got there, we shouldn’t have been driving. Set up camp and crash.
Like you, we’d try for ice-out but it was hard to predict. Sat on shore and waited for a day once. Lots of nice pike, <em class=”ido-tag-em”>walleyes and lakers, sometimes all 3 in the same spot. I think we also got a few whitefish. My biggest pike came there, a skinny 47-1/2″.
Good luck. Post a report when you get back.

My biggest pike came there, a skinny 47-1/2″.

I’d call Pete’s pro tackle in the Pas. Great store and always helpful. 

