I’ve been taking trips to Manitoba for nearly a decade now and I would really like to share the experience with a buddy. The problem is he got a DUI 2 years ago, and I’ve heard horror stories of trips being ruined because of border crossings. I’ve also taken a trip last year and the border crossing went smoothly; I said good thing none of us have DUIs and the passenger that I didn’t know said he had gotten one 10 years ago.

Is he a Felon or just a guy with a DUI? Big different here. I have a DUI and I travel all over the world with no problems.

Not sure it’s worth the risk.
He is a felon by Canadian standards and may not be allowed into the country.
The one thing you have going for you is you have been across numerous times wit-out incident and they will have a record of that and generally they’ll let you go across quicker with-out hassle as you already know.
I wouldn’t chance it unless you have a back up plan in place.

If you want to chance it, have another auto come along. If they turn him away, he can still get back home or go some other place for the week/weekend.

Bottom line is that it’s a bit of a crapshoot. People report different experiences. It’s possible that your buddy would be turned away; but it’s also possible that they’ll let him in no problem.

Yes sir…or maam… shouldn’t be a problem. Around 8 or so years ago, they started cracking down on this… problem was, nobody was gettin’ in… lost revenue… just behave like adults, be courteous and he shouldn’t have a problem 

they scan your drivers license….it will show up right on the computer that you have a dui/felony…if you lied to the border officer suffer consequences…or you tell the truth and maybe just maybe you get in….it all depends on the person you get at the entry to canada.. good day you might get in…bad day your buddy will be stuck at the border for a while…if its pembina that would not be fun….I’falls might be better..

I know of three guys turned away at the border.I personally had to pick one up Int. Falls.His DWI was 7 years old , but you can get pre approval to enter Canada,following the right channels.I’ve never had a problem crossing the border and had a DWI in 1992,but can gurantee I will make sure it’s not an issue next time I go.It would really suck to leave a buddy at the border.

I would also recommend not volunteering ANY info they do not ask for. A short, polite response is all that is needed – and wanted. 

By Canadian law he is a felon, as a commercial driver you can not get into Canada period they will not allow you to fastpass or allow a broker to get you through customs. To get “off” the list requires a ton of paperwork and recommendations from references and employers.

When I filled out my RABC application, they ask about it. On the form, it stated something about a 10 yr window ….if I recall correctly, it stated something about if 10 yrs passed without a similar offense, you were considered rehabilitated….. so I did NOT list my dui on the form.

Big G, I respectively have to tell you that you are wrong. You can talk as nice as you want and if you have a record, they will not let you cross.I was told after 9-11 that Canada and US made a “deal” to share backgrounds on people crossing in/out. Canada has just taken it a step to far.Three years ago a group of us got stopped at border at I-Falls and my buddy got rejected for a disorderly conduct with a motor vehicle (burnouts in dorm parking lot)he got in college 15+ years before that. We cancelled our trip and stayed on Rainy lake and actually have been going back there ever since. Every year we go back to rainy there is a group of people turned back at the border for DUI, disorderly, etc. All simple things. This past spring, 2 different groups were at the resort we were at and we met another group at another watering hole/resort that were all turned back.I say it is Canadas loss and a gain for the US!

Well be sure and tell me how I got in then ….. with a DUI less than 10 years old (got it in Dec 98) got in 1st in 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009 twice(with firearms )…. hopefully 2010…  Guess I am wrong then…. 

I got mine in 1991 and have crossed the border many, many times since(up to 15 or more times a yr)….. since 9/11/01 I noticed that they started asking for DL’s to scan at the border when entering Canada, but I never had an issue. 

Oh yeah, one more thing (probably the funniest) I am always driving !!!   

I prefer to have a yes/no concrete answer to things before I travel out of the country. This can be a big headache if your buddy gets turned away and you don’t. You would think your buddy could call someone either US or Canada and ask them if he will be let in or not before planning the trip.

Yeah, sorry to make that unclear. He is only a “felon” because DUI’s a felony in Canada; he has no other offenses. 

Here is the book answer. canada pamphlet

It took me about a month of trying to get this same question answered for sure. I called & emailed numerous Canadian authorities and finally I was informed that if you were ‘convicted’ of a crime in the US and it was considered a crime in Canada that you are inadmisable into Canada.Read about it here http://www.canadainternational.gc.ca/detroit/imm/inadmissible-interdiction.aspx?lang=eng&menu_id=63&menu=L

Wow, I dont like the book answer one bit 

A. Convictions/Offences outside CanadaIf you were convicted of or committed a criminal offence outside Canada, you may overcome thiscriminal inadmissibility• by applying for rehabilitation, or• you may be deemed to have been rehabilitated if at least ten years have passed since youcompleted the sentence imposed upon you, or since you committed the offence, if theoffence is one that would, in Canada, be an indictable offence punishable by a maximumterm of imprisonment of less than ten years.If the offence is one that would, in Canada, be prosecuted summarily and if you wereconvicted for two (2) or more such offences, that period is at least five (5) years after thesentences imposed were served or to be served.

I had no idea Canada was that way, what a pain  I have a whole new outlook now.

Quite of few members here with DWI’s. Anyone know what the percentage of drivers are that have received a DWI? I would be interested in knowing that.

Better start a new thread for that one 

If this isn’t kosher the mods can delete it and you have my opologies, but try this site and they have a sticky and few other threads on it..

I am 1 for 1….  Got it on a thursday night after dart league…. cop seen me cross the centerline on mainstreet small town USA to talk to a bud parked on the other side…. blew a .10…. got it reduced to careless with alcohol involved…. ($1800 lawyer) I have paid my debts to society and am real good now  I did the dart thing for years, never would have known I was at the limit & driving, but I found out the hard way.

G,

Actually, it is considered the same offence… because it is stipulated “with alcohol”… it just means I did not have to go to MADD….believe me, my PO and I thoroughly checked it out, (he let me go to Canada)   BIG NO NO when on probation  he liked me   He said “you may or may not be going… depends at the border”  No problem 

I have had a Nexus card for about three years. 1) must have passport 2) send application to Canada along with $50 3) if they approve it, they send it to the US. If they approve it, they send you a letter giving you a time frame in which to make an appointment at the border for a joint interview with US and Canadian customs. 4) must have back ground check 5) must have five years proof of employment and five years proof of residency. If you pass all these, the interview is mostly a courtesy. If they approve you they make you a Nexus card on the spot. Includes your picture and fingerprints from each forefinger. There is only one place to get an interview in Minnesota, slips my mind now so will add it later.

Thanks Northstar. I’m thinking of applying. Although I haven’t received much hassle lately at the border, when you’ve got a weeks worth of gear and four guys crammed in a vehicle, it can take hours if they decide to search you. I think the $10 per year investment seems well worth it.

