Our group is looking to change things around a bit for our annual Canada fishing trip. Looking for a resort that can handle 12 people. We bring our boats and want housekeeping cabins with showers. Also lots of walleyes are needed and no daily travel to outpost lakes. We want to park it and fish. Any suggestions. Thank you

There is a Lake Despair Lodge that a group of us have been going to for 5 years and had great walleye action and smallmouth also some nice northern. 3 lakes chained together and Rainy just 5 miles down road. Good luck 

Lake Despair lodge…..How is Bill and Nelly doing? I fished that smallmouth tournament for a few years, excellent ran tournament along with some great fishing on a smaller change of lakes. I liked that area for ice fishing as well. 

LaBelle’s Birch Point Camp in NW bay on Rainy runs a nice resort….

I’d recommend the Morson area of Lake of the Woods. It’s about 30 minute drive out of Baudette. There’s lot of islands and channels to hide by if the weather is bad and the walleye fishing has been excellent this year.

If you go up Red Lake Road, Gull Rock has been productive for the group I go with. We’re going up the 1st of August again. Some of the people in the group go up 2-3 times a year. We’ve stayed at Procyk’s and Golden Hook the last two years and are going to Procyk’s this time. We have been able to catch lots of walleyes for eating but haven’t spent much time northern fishing. We had three big ones hit walleyes last year but only got to see them before they let go.

Press Lake Camp. Take a look at this web site. The cabins are good, price is right, fishing is good. Only 7 cabins on 7000 acres of water with the English river splitting the lake into two parts. There’s access to a couple other lakes depending on water level and size of boat. web site:[email protected]

Press Lake Camp website is: Presslake.on.ca

Just talked to Bill & Nell Tuesday night to confirm our reservation for next year. They are doing good. Been real cool up there so far this summer. This last weekend was their annual bass tournament. Sounds like it went well.Bill went thru 5 E-Tec motors last year, finally told them he had enough, and now has a Merc. on his bass boat.

Bill & Nell are doing fine. I guess they’ve had enough cold weather lately,Bill’s garden got hit by the cold ,had to replant.The lake is still high. But they’ve been at it for 12 years running Despair and still enjoy it.

Onaway lodge on lac seul just finished a new 12 man cabin that is just great.6 bedrooms 12 beds 2 baths big deck super people run the lodge great boats if needed.We travel w 6 or 7 so we stay next door.You will also have a nice living area w 3 leather couches.Cant beat it.Contact me if you need any info and tell Blair and Kathy Tom from Eau Claire sent you. 

Stanley’s West Arm Resort on the West Arm of Eagle Lake.We stayed late last September and awesome fishing, great Marina and accomodations, with Walleye’s Whitefish, Lakers, Muskie’s, Smallie’s.

