 Hey Guys, I am heading up to Manitou falls camp 8/21-25 and just wanted to see if anyone has been up that way in the last few weeks. From the sounds of it the water was still up pretty good thru June and thats great news IMO. I have been on the system 3 times before but have never fished this late in the year. We usually go up with work every june but this time I am taking my new bride on our Honeymoon up there  A heck of alot better than Florida  Anyways we are really looking foward to it and if anyone has any current conditions or advise to offer for this time of year I would love to hear it. I have always targeted eyes with olny putting in a few hours for skis and pike but want to give them a go for atleast a day+ this time of year. We always run into some while walleye fishing and one of the guys pulled a 44′ this last year but that was walleye fishing. Thanks a ton for any info you have to share!!! We cant wait to get up there 

Congratulations Joe. Its been maybe 10 years since Ihave been up there. Remember catching a lot of pike above barnstorm rapids and walleyes in and below them. Sure wish I could get back up there with what I know about walleye fishing now.

Thanks Mike! We are looking foward to it 

Hey!!!!I would spend a little time deep-water jigging “Clear lake”. That lake has rumors of tuna eyes and I think their largest recorded out of it was 17lbs……caught during the summer.

fireman731 just got back from red lake

I hear there are lakers in there as well gary! Thanks for the tip!! Never have been back there but its worth the shot and not too far from camp and the other areas we usually have the best luck at!!

The water in that lake is a bit clearer than the rest of the system.

 

Good luck up there!Let me know ho you did when ya get back!

Hey Buschman, You should be in for some good fishing in late Aug. I’ve been going for the last 15 years to Manitou Falls and have always done well with walleye and pike. Try verticle jigging anywhere in the river system that it narrows down creating slow to moderate current. Or any where that the river makes a 90° turn. Usually in 12′ or under is where the walleye will be. Pike are plentiful in Unexpected and the NW side of Wegg as well as in the river. Nock on wood the weather is generally very stable this time of year and the fishing is usually very consistant. Good luck, I will be there the 18th thru 25th.

Welcome to IDA Jigfisher!Isn’t that stretch of water just a treat!!!!

Thanks Gary, I just stumbled on to this site. It is a great area to fish for the average angler like myself. Many benefits that you get fishing on a chain of lakes with a river connecting them. Shore is always in view, current holds beefy walleyes, a couple of natural fast water rapids and more wildlife than one can believe.

I’m still amazed with that system.It isn’t every day a guy can boat a river, where the depth drops from about 15fow to 90fow in about 100 feet. You can actually feel the boat get “sucked down” in the current pull, as well as look at all the mini-whirlpools.

Which lakes do you target muskies??We usually fish in Big and Little Fox and a little up into Indian lakes, have thrown at some very nice looking structure, but have never seen a ski. I know they are in there somewhere – any tips would be appreciated!

My dad and I started out at Naughty Pines on Wegg lake back in ’93. I won a free trip, so thought the price wasn’t bad if you split between the two of us. One we got there we figured out why the c.o. has to give a way a free trip so he can sucker other’s to come with the winner.

The majority of the Muskies that have been caught have been on Wegg Lake which is the biggest lake on this chain of lakes. I’m guessing you are downstream from Oak lake? The thing that attracts the muskies to Wegg is that the river channel runs thru the main part of the lake and has some a lot of structure adjacent to the channel that offers the muskies access to shallow and deep water with current bringing bait fish to them. 

I stayed at Naughty Pines.Our lodging wasn’t too bad there.The shower was right next door, but yea only an outhouse.It also kinda sucked having the electricity turned off from 11pm to 6am.

From the sounds of it they were going to quit the rebuild of naughty pines. I was olny up there once since the fire they had and there was 2 bldgs rebuilt from what I could see. This spring I talked to a land owner up there and the word was they stopped and were not putting anything else into it???? 

Jigfisher… Are you up there the 18-25th of august here  If so I will see you up there! I hope to be pulling in by 9am tuesday and we are there till saturday am 21-25th. It will just be me and Monica. I think she will have a blast if fishing is anything like we get in june! Good luck up there! I talked to Mike the other day and he said the water was up pretty good yet. With that and the right wind there should be some great fishing!!!!!!!

I thought naughty pines was a great place. Little rustic but what the heck. Out houses and shared showers. Guess I never pictured going to a fish camp and staying at the Hilton. Doesn’t much mater now since it burnt down. Does that other resort have a web site?

Yeah Mike W. they does have a site http://www.manitoufalls.com/

Its been about 15 years since I stayed at Manitou Falls Camp. We stayed in the Outpost cabin over the 4th of July one year and camped on an island the year prior to that. Even when we just camped, we went out of Manitou Falls Camp. The Outpost cabin was great. In the 2 trips I was up there, I caught 1 36 inch muskie. I caught it in the first big rapids (I think it was called the Barnstad Rapids). Back then, I still hadn’t been hit with the muskie addiction. We heard reports of some slobs (40# +) taken between Wegg and Goose Lakes. My uncle used to help the resort owner run bear baits. He pointed us to an area that produced better than any other areas for us. He referred to it as the Elbow. If you look at the map on the Outpost link for Manitou falls you could probably find this spot. Its at the south end of Wilcox Lake. It looks like an Elbow. We caught our limits of walleyes everytime we made it down that way. 

Got back on 8/25 in the a.m., I thought the fishing was better this year with the water being above the normal level over the past 5 years. The thing about fishing the English River below Manitou Falls is that the water level is never the same year to year and the current never flows the same from year to year. Just for sh*%s we kept track of the walleyes caught out of our boat and for the week we had 249 \\\\\\\’eyes that were above the 12\\\\\\” minimum in order to count as a catch. Of the 249 a good guess is that 50 would have been over 18\\\\\\” , 150 over the 14\\\\\\” mark and 50 under the 14\\\\\\” mark. The largest was a 24\\\\\\” caught in the river between Goose and Wilcox. 

Jigfisher what cabin were you in up there??? Me and Karen were looking for you but didnt have any luck. 

We were in Cabin #2 this year. Wow it sounds like you and Monica had a great half week. We mainly fished the river. I know that there is a lot of areas that we do not cover on the system. We seam to spend most of our time on far end of the system. We concentrate on were the depth comes up from 30\\\’+ to about 6-10\\\’. There is a sunken island that is in the middle of the Wilcox between Madi\\\’s Island and Damions Island that the three boats the were in our group caught a ton of 14\\” + and the elbow were the river turns 90° we caught the majority of the big fish. Your right if you want to go after #\\\’s this is a great area to fish, we easily could have put another couple of hundred in the boat, but we decided to let the other boats fish the hotspots. The other two boats that were with us like to anchor since they don\\\’t have a trolling motor to hold on a area. 

I am leaving on the 8-14 for my annual trip to Manitou Falls Fish Camp west of Ear Falls. I was wondering if anyone had a report on the conditions on the English River or specifically the area below Manitou Falls?What is the weather been like and does anyone know what they are predicting for the next two weeks? What are the water levels like this year? Can you get into all the lakes? How have the bugs been in the area? Most of all, how has the fishing been?? Any report would be helpful as we are having a pre-trip meeting on Sunday and we would like to be as prepared as we can?

