So where are the canadians hiding? its not that cold out… so i know your not ice fishing. lolBrandon HeatherAlberta, Canada24 

Zumbrota, Mn. Near Red Wing. C’mon down for some winter open water action ! Yah, You betcha !!



brandon, maybe you can help me out. My bride and I are driving out west the end of July to celebrate 20 years of wedded bliss. We are planning on driving to Vancouver and then heading into the Canadien Rockys towards Glacier National park then north. Any day trips we could make for some killer mid summer trophy pike fishing that you could suggest or other trophy fishing we could do? Any tips or info would be greatly appreciated  PS we are campers and will have full camping gear but I figure to have little room for fishing gear…Is Calgary a city that would be worth spending a few days in for fine and or intersting dining and sight seeing? 

Well, Calgary is a nice city as far as dining I dont know it well enough to point out some great places. I do know Edmonton quite well… BUT Calgary is known for its monster trout out of the Bow River that flows through the city, big browns and rainbows.In the park, there are endless amounts of lakes as to which one to fish i would ask around town in all honesty…if you head south east from Calgary on the HWY 1 there is a lake called Bullshead towards the Cypress Hills, both I would look into. Search the Cypress Hills…As for big pike, with a boat I would look into Lake Newell out by Brooks which is about an hour away Northish of Medicine Hat… stick to the bays, its known for crankers! 20lb is common… average of 5-8 i would say. hope this helps buddy! 

hiding out in red lake ontario enjoyin some great ice fishin n sunny weather has been a great winter so far hows tricks way out west there if ya ever get out this way get on the road north till ya drive to the end of the road and im past that lol all i do is fish so im always out or around or someplace lol have a cold one n enjoy thwe open rivers ya lucky buggers all got out there lol 

fishings been good, couple BIG northerns. Few decent walleye and perch just waiting to get on the South Saskatchewan with my fly rod and get into some Walleyes! If im down that road ill be sure to swing by for one of those cold ones.

