looking at goin to canada in a few weeks, i was wondering its been a while since i’ve been there, i have a passport and my 17 old nephew, but my son is 8 does he need one to get in and back? and his mom and i are not together is there any other paper work i might need to bring thanks 

my son took the kids into canada last year and needed a copy of birth certificate,I think you will need proof that you have custody and can bring him into canada. My nephew 20 and neice 14 crossed ahead of there parents and got tore down and questioned for 3hrs! they wanted to make sure she wasn’t being abducted. Stan 

•Long before you get in the car or book transportation tickets, find out what are the passport requirements for children. •Have the necessary ID for your children ready to present to customs officer. •Divorced parents who share custody of their children should carry copies of the legal custody documents. •The Canada Border Services Agency suggests identification such as an original birth certificate, baptismal certificate, passport, or immigration document. If none of these are available, get a letter stating that you are the children’s parent or guardian from your doctor or lawyer, or from the hospital where the children were born. •Adults who are not parents or guardians should have written permission from the parents or guardians to supervise the children, including the name and contact information of the parent / guardian •Even if you are not divorced from the child’s other parent, bring the other parent’s written permission to take the child over the border. Include contact information so border guard can call the other parent if necessary. •Adults / Guardians should travel in the same vehicle as their children when arriving at the border. •Children old enough to speak for themselves may be encouraged to do so by the customs officer, so be prepared to let older children answer the officer’s questions. For more information on bringing children across the Canadian border.

When they ask your child if their mom knows that they are crossing make sure they answer correctly. 4 years ago when a friend and I went across with Tuck they ask him if his mom knew he was crossing and he said NO.   My buddy repeated the question ,and Tuck stated oh yea. I thought officer asked if my mom was with. The officer kinda smiled and said you shoulda seen the looked on your two faces. 

Reading your post and applaud you for taking the kids on an adventure!At the same time I was thinking about all the years I fished Ontario and now would much rather go to Red Wing and P-4…Especially with the border hassles.

Been to Rainy and the Miss, nothing wrong with them, but the “hassle” of proving your citzenship is worth the trip for Canadian fishing for me  

I think it would be best for you to get at least the passport card, if not a full passport, for everyone in the group. It’s not getting into Canada that is the difficulty, it is the retunr to the US that requires more than a birth certificate. I have been stopped and checked going into Canada and coming back to the US. It is a hassle, but carrying a passport is the best identification a person can have.

Make sure permission slips from your spouse/ex-spouse are notarized,Make sure she is ok with your trip and have her phone number where she can be reached at time of crossing.Any questions will be resolved more quickly.

thanks for the info 



And give yourself plenty of time to cross border or do it after hours. I hear the line during the day can take hours. I heard up to 7!



Intl Falls. I went back and read the post again. Apparently some people have not had an issue. But some have.
 Didnt mean to scare you. I just read that this morning and was trying to help. 

Don’t want to confuse this issue, but there is some misinfo posted and needs to be corrected:



Chad..we must have posted at the same time. Didn’t mean to be redundant. Chad has all the good info in his post.

