I was going to leave in 3 weeks for Canada and the trip was cancelled(long story…and yes its very disappointing). So on short notice I need to find a good walleye lake that has availability for the 2nd week of July. It can be either camp boat or my own. Ideally around $800/pp.

Try Leech lakeit’s a good summer bite in Walker bay

ottertail (there is a member here that has a resort up there) i will try and get his name for you, mille lacs (only because its on fire this year) red door resort, rainy lake, and hit up chris granrud for a day if he has any openings…..

Mille Lacs Lake and stay at the Red Door. Great walleye, smallmouth and possible ski fishing. 

google first nation guide service he has a private island on lake of the woods with 2 cabins on it rents cheap and they are nice. Also don ‘t quit on lac seul there is just as many dangers in every other canadian lake. Try little beaver lodge just south of ear falls 50bucks per person per night free ice big clean cabins with ac let me know if you need some spots to fish.

Thanks for all the quick replies!!!! I’ve got some internet research to do now. What’s the bite like on LOTW in July?? Is it deep water trolling, jigging? I’ve never been there and have only heard that the lake can get angry in high winds.

yes but on the canadian parts there are many islands to break the wind eh 

if you do leach lake, try chase on the lake….

Fishing on LOW has been very good and in July people usually start to pull cranks but you can fish any way you want that time of year and be successful.Wind can be a factor at times but you always have the bay or river as a back up.Im headed back up there in a couple weeks.

If you want to go up to Sioux Narrows, I go to a place every year that has cabins for 1300 to 1400 a week for up to four persons (or more for extra charge) . We usually go the first two weeks of July and the fishing has been great in my opinion. If your interested let me know and I’ll fill you in on the location and name.





I’d love to know the name of the place in Sioux narrows that you go to….THanks, Justin

I haven’t tried for trout, always walleye, then in the afternoons we’ll go for smallmouth and northern. Someday I’ll give the trout a try.

This is the name of the place, http://www.lebrons.com/, owner is not much for public relations, but it’s a nice location and the fishing is great. Not to mention a pretty good price.

Thanks for all the help guys….We’re booked at Rainy Lake for a week. Anyone know a decent guide on that lake?? 



