Well – its official. Ontario has relaxed the rules on entering Canada with a DUI. Below is what you NEED to know

Cool thanks for sharing 

They’re still holding you up at the border. $200.00!! What a joke. Too many big fish to catch elsewhere to ever think about spending my money north of the border again. I personally have never had a problem, but one of my buddies did three years ago. It was awful;; never again…… 

So you are saying if I had a DUI 32 years ago when I was 18 years old, that I would have to pay $200.00  

Chad:

baldwin4 – Nope… any single offense over 10 years old is a non issue… good question!

Joel – for sure he’ll get a RABC permit, as long as it was just the one DUI. 

This bears repeating… if you have someone that is “more eloquent” in speaking than the others, have them drive through the gate. Answer promptly and concisely. Be personable and they will typically reciprocate  Drive through like you own the place and expect a tussle/hassle   

Very true and good advice. They may try to rattle your cage, but just remember they are looking for the bad guys who are trying to do bad things. 99.9% of the people crossing the border are great people with nothing to hide and they realize this.

One night, coming back into the good Ol’ USA, about 3am, I pull up, they ask this that and then where does everybody work… and each to answerfor yourself. I told them where I worked, the other 3 guys told them where they worked, the brother in law was sleeping, they poked him to wake up and asked where he worked, he said “who the hell cares ?”…. then I got “pull into door #2 for search”…..    Now we make sure everyone is alert and awake when coming through  that’s an hour and a half of our life we won’t get back… 

For a concise explanation of Canadian Immigration law in terms of entry to Canada with a criminal record (especially entry to Canada with a DUI) visit http://www.duicanadaentry.com/criminal-inadmissibility-canada.html

To avoid unnecessary delays like that at the border, make sure everyone in your car is well informed on his/her criminal admissibility status in Canada

