Thought I would see what people are up too this year. Can be open water coming later or on the ice now? 

Two trips planned- both are low budget affairs. Quetico park for two weeks of Canoing and walleye fishing at the end of May. And I am taking my bro and his kid up to Lake Nipigon, I was not planning on this one but they just lost there mother/wife and I thought it would be good to have something to look forward to this summer. We will be laker fishing along with trophy pike hunting and walleye. We camp for this one….

North of Pickle lake on a self guided trip the first week of June and maybe lake of the woods later in the year. Is there a new fee this year at the border?

 

Bear Hunt and fishing trip planned to Lynn Lake, MB on June 20th. I have been fishing there for the last 6 years. We typically go every other year, this is an off year for our group of 6 guys, but 2 of us are going Bear/Fishing this year  I can’t wait 

LOW Sioux Narrows – Lake of the Woods Houseboats/Laughing Waters Campgrounds.. Our family has been going up the week of the 4th for almost 20 years. Great walleye fishing and boat rides. Hope the gas price stays below $2/gallon this summer. 

Lake Athapapaskow MB. Jiggin for lakers, walleyes, and a northern pike if we get bored. This will be dad’s 33rd year, so why quit now!

Just curious, when you are headed to Nipigon, where do you camp?



Oh by the way, welcome to IDO. Do you ever visit the Thunder Bay fishing sight? I lurk over there trolling for any info I can get on Nipigon. Its tough getting info on the lake because of its size and its limited access. To me that is good and bad- but way more good than bad 
I see your resort is on the east side of Nipigon, Kings landing is on the west side, it is really the only good access on that side. Brian is a member of the Gull River Indian Reservation.

Cool… it is neat to hear about the other side, being so close to the east side, we forget about the west side.

Wabinosh Bay or Wabinosh Lake. I have been to both. The one time I ventured into Wabinosh Bay I witnessed the boat we were following crash into a rock at 45mph, almost was deadly, the guy in the passenger seat flew into the front pedastal and busted his shoulder and busted his face up. In the end I had to use my first responder skills to put the passenger in the boat back together enough to get him down to Thunder Bay. Needless to say it kinda threw our boat off for the rest of the day and we went back to camp early to check on our injured friend. Would like to head up there again. Believe it or not this happened on a blue bird day and Nipigon was like glass that day the rock that the guy hit was actually sticking out of the water by atlkeast 18″. This made it very tough to see with no waves to break up the rock contour- The guy leading us actually stopped us 5 minutes earlier to make us aware of that very rock! Please tell me about the bay if you have been there! 

